London Airport

Author: Michael Rosen

*000*2018-12-23 10:37

It was the 7th of May, 1954. I was celebrating my 8th birthday, and was having a rave. I spent the day eating chocolate cake and plums, and drinking LOTS of peach syrup...

Anyway, round about two o'clock, my brother says to me "Why don't we go to London Airport for your birthday treat? We could spend all day there at London Airport looking at the planes. It'l. be great." I was gobsmacked. The idea of watching the planes soar into the sky from merely metres away was breathtaking. "Yeah" I said, "It'll be great." Mum said "Yes", so we took sandwiches and chocolates and drinks; I was really looking forward to it.

When we got there, my brother found out that there was this bus that you could go on. A kind of trip round the runways so you could get right close up to the big jets. You can probably imagine how ecstatic I was at the idea. It was great. Really great,

So he got the tickets, and we got on the bus, but then I realized my big mistake. All that peach syrup I drank had 'worked its way down'. I turned to my brother and say "Brian... I wanna wee."

So he goes "Well you can't now. This is the last bus today. It's just about to go, we won't get on another one".

"Brian," I said. "I wanna wee."

So he goes "Look you can't, you can't now it'll wait, it's not that long of a time to wait."

I was in a big pickle. I was forced to choose between relieving myself and taking the bus trip. If I went to the toilet now, I'd miss the last bus trip... I simply sighed in frustration as I decided to board the bus after all.

So we got on the bus, the bus started up, and away we went. The driver starts going "We're coming through Runway 4 now. If you look to your right, you can see two planes."

By now I was very desperate for the loo. I had to hold myself and bounce up and down, hoping I'd make it to the end of the trip.

"I'm dying for a wee" I said.

"It'll go away" said my brother.

"I wanna wee." I said. Tears were coming out of my eyes. I had never experienced as much discomfort as this.

"What's the matter?" said a strange voice. My brother and I raise our heads. There was a man who turned up round our way once, put up a tent in the park, he...

Uh, actually, um... there was a man sitting in one of the seats just in front of us.

"He wants a wee" said my brother.

"Well, you can wait, can't you?" said the man.

"NO!" I said.

"Well don't do it here will you sonny?" he says.

"I'll do it on your face in a minute" I said, under my breath.

By now it was starting to hurt a bit. I was making small, whiny noises, like a dog.

"Can we stop the bus?" I said.

"Don't be daft!", says my brother."We're on the end of Runway 4. You can't do a wee on the end of Runway 4!"

I had it in my right mind to prove him wrong. I wanted to smash through the window and wee on the end of Runway 4. At this point, I'd do anything, as I was close to wetting myself.

Meanwhile, the bloke driving the bus goes "If you look out your window, you can see the baggage truck".

"I'm gonna wet myself," I said.

My brother says "Look, there's a Concorde! Just think of something else, will you?"

"I can't" I said "It's hurting."

"I've got to do it. I've got to do it."

Suddenly, I felt a wet, warm feeling down near my groin. I then realized what was happening, shoved my hands in between my legs, put all of my strength towards my sphincter muscles... and managed to stop the flow. But it didn't stop my bladder from hurting like a motherplummer.

The bus went on. We saw more planes... and more planes... and MORE planes... you could swear they were preparing for another world war at this point.

"You haven't wet yourself, have you?" says Brian.

"NO!" I said.

But that was due to change very soon if the bus kept going...

Then the bus stopped! I couldn't believe it! I was overwhelmed with joy! I rushed of the bus, I got to the toilet... and everything was lovely once again. Wonderful.

After we got back home, Mum says to us "Did you have a good time boys?" and my brother said ,"It was great... really great." Obviously he had a flat tone. I probably embarassed the poor sod with my whining and groin holding.

"And how about you?" she said to me. "How was your birthday treat?"

I said "It was alright... but I wanted to wee... and they wouldn't let me".

And I cried.

