History of my Omorashi experiences before and during my time here with OmoOrg (not leaving, don't freak out. c:)

Author: Qrogan

*000*2016-01-23 00:00

(If this isn't in the right part of the thread, mods, feel free to remove it. Just keep in mind that it's not an introduction.)

Indeed, I do other things than fanfics here. Well... not "here" but I do actually indulge in omorashi. A few months before joining, I came "back" to the "art", and so far, I've been successful in not getting caught. Now, I have cats I can blame, so my family just blames the cats. We don't punish them though, since well, my room kinda stinks, so the cats might actually be peeing on my clothes... but I highly doubt that.

Let's start with what got me interested with omorashi, I was in pull-ups until the age of 5. I started remembering things at the age of 3 or 4. I also remember having "accidents" in my pull-ups, and getting changed like a baby. I say "accidents" because I refused to use the restroom (Don't get why if I didn't even LIKE having pull-ups on, so I don't know what drove me to not use the "potty" and get out of pull-ups.) and instead used my pull-up, mobile restroom. My parents knew I had an "accident" when either my face showed relief, the room stunk, or both. I actually used the pull-ups on purpose (No idea why, like I said before, didn't like them.)

Recently, I remembered those times, and well, I got interested in wetting. It all started around August... I watched videos until September, I finally did it, it was amazing. I went about this routine with a rug, some old underwear, and a full bladder. Month later, I end up having to blame the cats. (They might have actually been peeing on my clothes, they did kinda smell of cat pee.)

Today, I put on multiple pairs of underwear (Really don't know why.. I think it was to figure out what it felt like.) along with multiple pairs of shorts and sweatpants. After about an hour, I got tired of the pain in my right waist area, and shedded down to underwear. 10 minutes later, I'm peeing in them. I was wetting them as an "experiment" to see if it would soak up the urine instead of make a giant puddle on my chair. At first it worked, then urine trickled onto the chair.

That's when I got changed, since I didn't feel like sitting in a puddle, and started typing this. I may not be a newbie to omorashi, but I am not a veteran at it either... if I were I would have more wettings under my belt than secretly wetting and blaming the cats on the smell... if you know what I mean.

