The summer camp

Author: Sencha

*000*2012-04-30 00:39

Here is a childhood memory that I wanted to share. I hope my English isn’t too bad.

I went to a few summer camps as a kid, but one of them definitely stands out in my memory because it was the worst ever in many aspects, and yet the one during which I got to see my first proper wetting.

The thing about this camp was that the counselors tended to be a bit sadistic… They would often yell at us for no particular reason or laugh at us in a rather mean way. But mostly I think they actually enjoyed delaying kids from going to the loo! I remember seeing a girl squirming and almost begging to be excused (we had to ask before leaving our dormitory in the morning, I don’t clearly remember why). The counselors in charge of us – two girls in their mid-twenties – apparently found it funny to make her wait, commenting out loud on the little girl’s predicament and laughing about it. They ended up letting her go with a derogatory comments about how desperate she was, and I kind of felt sorry for the girl, though part of me was disappointed as well since she looked so close to having an accident…

I was, however, able to witness a real wetting a few days later. Ironically, I think the counselors where not really at fault this time – at least they hadn’t actively contributed to this. I remember that a girl had caught my interest after a scene I had observed one morning. She was not in the same bed she had gone to the previous evening, and one of the counselors was lecturing her by saying something along the lines of: “Really? Twice in one night?” A further investigation confirmed my strong suspicion that the girl, let’s call her Laura, had wet the bed twice. From then on, I decided that she probably had a weak bladder and that she was worth keeping in sight, just in case something interesting happened. It did help that she was quite a sweet girl, fairly pleasant to be around.

Laura was about a year older than I was, so she must have been about 9/10 years old. She had short dark brown hair and big brown eyes, and she was almost always smiling or laughing. That day, we had been granted a trip away from the camp and in the nearest city where we would get to buy sweets and souvenirs. Since it was a bit far, we had to take the bus for 30-45 minutes to get there. I couldn’t tell what I was wearing or who else were hanging out with us that day, but I remember clearly that Laura was wearing a red sleeveless top, tight white short trousers going mid-calves and a pair of white sandals. I also remember that it was a hot, sunny day, and I can still picture her with a bottle of water that slowly got empty as the day went by.

Nothing really worth mentioning happened during the day – or at least I cannot recall any of that. Things started to get interesting about an hour before we were supposed to leave the town. We were all pretty tired so no one had much energy as we wandered around in one last shop. No longer paying attention to the things I could buy, I shifted my attention to my friends and noticed that Laura seemed somewhat fidgety and I immediately wondered if she had to use the bathroom – to be perfectly honest, I tended to jump to that conclusion every time I saw someone fidget, but this time I was not mistaken. About ten or fifteen minutes later, others had started to notice her movements as well and a friend of ours asked her if she was okay.

“Well, I really gotta pee” she answered, grimacing slightly as she squirmed even more noticeably. Hearing her say that instantaneously made her become the sole focus of my interest and I secretly started hoping she wouldn’t make it.

“How bad is it?” I asked.

“Pretty bad, but I should make it to the camp” she answered.

“Oh, that’s good then.”

I was somewhat disappointed to hear it though, but I couldn’t exactly tell her that. As time went by, however, her shifting increased a lot and so did my hopes to see her have an accident. I would occasionally ask her how she was fairing, and although her answer never really changed, I could tell that by her tone that she was getting less and less confident.

We had exited the shop by now and we were sitting on a low wall by the road where our bus was supposed to pick us up fifteen to twenty minutes later. One of the counselors had accompanied a girl to the nearest phone cab so that she could call her parents and the other was checking on the rest of the group. A quick glance at Laura told me that she really was desperate by now. She was openly holding herself and was alternatively fanning her legs and crossing them tightly, bouncing in place as she did so.

“I hope the bus come soon” she exclaimed suddenly, almost whining. “I have to go sooo bad!”

“It shouldn’t be too long” someone replied. “You’ll be fine.”

But Laura no longer looked like she was going to be fine. She was giggling, but her laugh contained no amusement, it was purely nervous. She then started commenting non-stop on her need to pee, stressing on how bad it had gotten and how she wished the bus would hurry and just arrive. She suddenly bent over, giving a shaky laugh – or was it a moan? – before slowly standing up and starting to pace before us. I was following each of her movements, trying to weigh the chances of her losing it before our arrival. I thought it was getting more and more probable, though I couldn’t be certain. I had been more than once surprised by how long visibly desperate kids could hold it.

“How long is the ride back?” she suddenly asked, looking clearly worried.

“Half an hour, maybe 45 minutes I think”. A friend answered. “You’ll make it, right?”

She stopped pacing, facing us, and shook her head with a rueful laugh. “It’s too late”.

My heart started racing at these words. Yet, I didn’t dare raising my hopes too high. In my eight years of existence, I had heard it many times, only to see the person finally make it to the bathroom.

“Are you sure you can’t wait half an hour?” I asked with a concerned voice (writing about this makes me feel kind of guilty now lol).

“No, I mean, it is too late!” she answered, glancing down.

Then it happened. As I followed her gaze, I saw her white pants getting darker. Grey rivulets were making their way down her thighs, legs and feet to form a puddle under her. I was mesmerized by the sight, unable to tear my eyes away from it. I felt my face grow warm and I knew I was probably flushed but I couldn’t care less. I actually couldn’t believe what I was seeing: someone was wetting herself right in front of me! It was finally happening! I suppose I was too young to be turned on by this, but to say I was over the moon would be an understatement.

I don’t remember much after that. After she finished wetting, the counselor that was watching the rest of the group came over to see what was happening and seemed to be both sorry for the girl and annoyed with the situation. Laura had an embarrassed smiled on her face but you could see she was pretty upset. In the end, part of my excitement (but not all of it) momentarily died down as I realized my friend was upset. When the bus finally pulled over next to where we were waiting, the counselors told us to hurry inside because Laura wasn’t feeling good and the accident wasn’t mentioned afterwards. I couldn’t forget it though, and even today the memory of that event is still very strong.

This wetting wasn’t the only one that took place during the camp. One or two day after Laura wet her pants, I witnessed another girl doing the same. We had just finished breakfast and were all in the room where we usually had our meals. A counselor was talking to me about something I can’t remember when this girl hurried towards us, jumping up and down and grabbing herself like crazy through her red pajamas. She looked absolutely desperate and started whimpering and begging to be allowed to go to the bathroom. The counselor raised her eyebrows, gave her a stern look and told her to go. The girl then took off running in the direction of the bathroom…leaving a yellow trail on the floor behind her! As another counselor came to us and asked what happened, her colleague simply answered: “Oh, she went to take a pee. Or at least what remains of it.”

So that’s it! Except for the desperation/wetting parts, this camp really sucked, but I guess I don’t regret going there since these accidents made it worth it :)

