Underestimating our holding abilities

Author: johnah

*000*2022-04-23 21:56

This happened to me a loooong time ago when I was 19 or 20.

I used to work as a lighting technician at a large theatre in Manchester. We were in the middle of a long pantomime season with a punishing schedule of 2 and sometimes 3 shows a day. The lighting and sound desks were situated at the rear of the auditorium in amongst the audience members. I was on the lighting desk and my mate R was on sound side by side.

It was back in the day when it wasn't uncommon to have a beer or two during your breaks so R and I had visited a bar between the matinee and evening show. I can't recall if it was because we had not eaten or, if that we had both decided to have one more beer than usual but it transpired that both of us were subjected to the worst kind of pee desperation with no chance of relief until the curtain came down.

It was around 15 minutes into the first act which lasted approx 50 minutes when I felt the first signs of growing fullness in my bladder. I didn't think much of it as i had taken a precautionary pee just before the show but as the minutes ticked by I found myself starting to twist in my seat and have take the occasional crotch grab. As I looked at my watch, wondering if I was going to be able to make it, I noticed R, who had to stand to operate starting to do a subtle pee dance at the mixer. I knew that there were no gaps between cues for either of us to make a dash for the toilet and resigned myself to just having to hold it back whatever it took.

Another 10 minutes or so went by and both R's and my squirming increased big time. Roger turned to me just as I was grabbing my crotch and whispered "Do you need a piss?". I admited that I did and he hissed through his teeth "Me too. I'm fucking bursting!". Even though the sight of R pee dancing in his tight levis was kind of nice, I was more concerned that I was actually going to wet my pants at work in public like a toddler. R's occasional updates "I'm going to piss my pants!" etc were not helping in the least.

I do not know how we two squirming technicians made it through the last 15 minutes of the act but as the tabs came in and I hit the cue for the houselights we both made a dash halfway down the auditorium to the gents. We made it before any of the audience and stood at the urinals having what I am sure were the most satisfying pees of both our lives!

