A few stories about my friend

Author: ivan72

*000*2018-02-13 07:52

I have really-really good female friend. We are not lovers, we have discussed the possibility at some point ,but decided that it might ruin things, so let it go. But we were very open with each other and at one point I confessed to her,that seeing girls desperate to pee is very erotical for me. After that she mentioned to me often when she had to pee,sometimes let me observe her take a piss or feel her bladder, and on few occasions did even more,like provoked conversations about peeing with other women. Katja was smaller girl, 168cm and 55 kilos, but actually had a really good bladder.

The best day was when she gave me the gift for my 41th birthday.

After a few years while she was away in a different city, we were coworkers again, and attended an conference in Norway. We were living in cabins, the conference was held in a central house . The main house was interesting. It had a maze of conference rooms, extremely difficult corridors, and a single public toilet. (evidently it was thought that most people in conferences live in the same building anyway,or it was designed by a desperation fan). Anyway, we had arrived the previous day, spent 6 hours reaching the place, one freeby for me in the airport (she glanced at the toilets in the airport and said , I kinda have to pee,but lets go get the taxi, I'll manage ). I asked her, how bad, she said that she definitely needs to pee,but its not urgent. And that was it for the arrival day.

I was awoke early in the next morning. We had adjorning rooms, so when the knock came at 7a.m, I wasn't too surprised. Katja came in, hugged me,wished me happy birthday. She was already fully dressed with black dress and tights- and quite fidgety :)

"Do you still have the plastic beer glass from yesterday?" , "yeah, why?"

"Lets see if my bladder is still any good , I'm absolutely bursting, can you help me measure it?" . Of course I had the beer mug. By now she was actually dancing. We walked to the bathroom, the quickly grabbed the jug ,lifted her skirt, lowered panties and thights and started a massive pee. The stream was incredibly strong and she had trouble cutting it off when the 500ml glass was full. We quickly threw the contents away and the end results was 2 full and 3/4 of the third glass.. "uhh".

She gave me a huge smile, straigthened her closes and said: "Lets head to the breakfast".

