Tried wetting (and more) for the first time

Author: ElectronicaPop

*000*2018-06-16 04:17

I've been trying to test the benefits of water as more now than ever, "drink lots of water!" is being shoved down everyone's throats on Instagram, as a mix of "summer glo-ups challenges" and "it's hot out" commentary. I also have a relatively weak bladder and a dedication to spending hours watching YouTube and playing Overwatch, which makes this annoying. So, I decided to try holding it. I usually hate the discomfort of having a full bladder, so I tend to go as soon as I feel a relatively strong urge, but drinking five bottles of water made that happen very quickly and I was getting bored of it. 

So, I decided to test how long I could bear to hold it, and with a catch: I really wanted to try what it was like to wet my panties. It's always fun to watch others do it, so much so that I never imagined needing or wanting to do it myself, as I didn't see the appeal of personally doing it. So, I wanted to see how it felt, but I wanted to have a lot to work with. I was only able to really hold it for about two hours before it became too intense, though I couldn't just let go on my bed and really didn't feel like doing a lot of cleanup, so I tried to experiment in the bathroom, where it's all easily cleanable tile and ceramic.

I tried going in the bathtub first, sitting on the ledge of it, in nothing but my underwear, just releasing. The feeling of the warm wetness in my panties honestly felt so good, but it wasn't all that entertaining to just sit on the side of the bathtub so I decided to stand in it instead and just let go. It mostly began running down my legs from the sides of my underwear which felt both good and bad, but ultimately got me excited, so I tried stopping and touching myself and more just spilled out of my underwear that had apparently just pooled there. I massaged it until it stopped dripping, and then sat on the toilet to try going there where I'd be more comfortable to release my bladder, though not removing the underwear, and it felt better than standing, partially because there was no cleanup to worry about, and especially because I could feel it running down my butt and fulling wetting me.

I also began to feel other urges, and if you're squeamish about messing, just flip past to the next paragraph, because I decided to have a bit of extra fun. I didn't want to actually mess my underwear, because I didn't feel like cleaning that mess, so I just took them off, and squatted on the floor in front of the toilet with some toilet paper down to lessen the mess. I don't know how some pornstars can do messing without peeing, because I couldn't stop my bladder and by the time I managed to relieve myself, the paper to catch my mess was already soaked with pee even though I was sure I was empty. I made quite a few dropping before cleaning up and wiping down the floor and flushing.

It was all just so fun, and I can get the appeal of actually doing it yourself! It's freeing, fun, and arousing, and I am already drinking more to prepare to wet myself again, and I may try again in the future. If you have any suggestions, let me know! I'm not so comfortable taking pictures, but I can write with pretty good detail if anyone's interested in detailing what I do like that.

