Unexpected wetting

Author: Chaz1126

*000*2017-03-30 23:32

Lets start out with some detail: male, 5′11″ 210 lbs, little chubby but mostly muscle, green eyes, shaved head (not bald but almost there), glasses, and (as ive been told) a very nice butt. I was wearing these denim slightly stretchy pants that were a khaki color, hard to explain, plaid boxer underwear, and a tie dye shirt. I had on my Sperrys since they are my favorite spring-summer shoe. It was a darker day, cloudy but no rain, gloomy. A little on the chillier side, just enough to get the nips hard. Anyway to the story…

I live in a very rural farm town so the nearest shops and supermarkets are like 30 minutes away. I needed to go to some shops today after school so i took the trip and met up with my friend who wanted to come help and keep me company. Well unfortunately since i had to go right after school i didn’t have a chance to pee like i always do after school, but that wasnt a huge problem at this point, surely id go to a bathroom in one of the stores.

1.5/10

Fast forward a few minutes later and im in Wal-mart with this girl and I’m starting to feel the pressure but im not paying attention since we are just talking and having a good time. Well Wal-mart didnt have a single thing i needed and neither did the other stores i went into, it was a total bust of a trip. In and out of 5 different stores in about an hour which meant no time to stop and pee like my bladder was begging to beg at this point.

4/10

Well to thank the girl for coming along with me i ask her if she wants some food and she said she could go for some taco bell but it had to be drive through since she needed to be home soon. I said it wasnt a problem (although it was quite a large one) and proceeded to order. One triple double crunch wrap, two steak chalupas, three packets of diablo sauce, and a large mountain dew baja blast later, i was desperate to find a bathroom.

7/10

A short drive later and im dropping her off, thanking her for a good time and i had to choose, do i wait to go home and pee and pray i make it or do i ask her and risk the embarrassment. Well my anxiety chose for me.

8/10

Let me tell you, 30 minutes never felt so long in my life. Five minutes in and the pressure was building and i could feel a slight erection starting to form. 10 minutes in and im grabbing myself and wincing at every bump in the road “oh please oh please just some flat roads thats all i want”. 15 minutes, halfway home, this was the hardest part, the pressure was immense and it was painful. The only thing keeping the pee inside of me was my throbbing erection making it uncomfortable to drive. 25 minutes and im almost home. One hand on my rock hard cock and on on the wheel, it had to have looked like i was pleasuring myself but who cares, i have to pee and ill be damned if i piss myself in my car like a little baby.

9.5/10

I pull up to my house and no one is home, no cars in the driveway. I open my car door and go to rush out and into my house but in all the excitement i forgot to focus on holding in the pee and a little rush launched out of me like a missile. I bent over and a shiver went down my spine, i nearly came right there in the middle of the road. Quickly i grabbed my cock and made sure i squeezed so no more came out. I looked down at the damage and saw a tiny patch right where the tip of my cock was, not noticeable unless you were looking for it.

10/10

I recovered from my leakage and got myself together. i looked around and there was no one in sight, benefits of living in the middle of nowhere. I had a choice to make, do i try to walk up the stairs to the walkway, try to walk to my house, try to walk up the stairs to get into my house, and then try to walk through my house to the bathroom and most likely end up wetting myself like a little boy with no bladder control or do i piss my pants like a man and own it. Well the choice was made in pure ecstasy, as the though came into my head i felt my pants grow and i got lightheaded in lust. I stood up straight, looked around, took one step and started to pee, right there.

I kept walking to my door as piss just flowed aimlessly and carelessly from my cock. I let myself get soaked completely and nonchalantly without a care in the world, like that was how it was supposed to be done. At the halfway point to my door my shoes started to make a sloshing sound but i kept walking and wetting. i made it to my door and sighed as i pushed the last bit out of me. I turned around to admire my handiwork and i noticed quite the trail of piss behind me and my pants were sopping and dark, it was blatant that i pissed myself.

0/10

I took my shoes off and walked into my house and since no one was there i closed the door and immediately reached into my pissy pants and started to stroke my wet hard cock and in seconds my body lurched and quivered and i came all over the inside of my already soaked pants and underwear. I just got out of the shower and am waiting on my clothes to come out of the wash, thanks for reading i hope you enjoyed!!

This story can also be found on my tumblr blog: Wettingboy26

*002*2017-03-30 23:58

{{13 minutes ago, trackboy said:

That is really hot. you done that before? good at holding a lot?? do weightlifting? how is school going??

}}

Thank you so much! Ive never wet myself so nonchalant, ususally there is a lot more planning involved. I usually can hold a large amount for a while, it usually takes a lot to get me desperate. I do weightlift a good amount, i like to stay in shape! and school is stressful but good

