My first wetting on the bus

Author: RandStand

*000*2014-07-11 04:36

This was the first and probably most exhilarating wetting I've had, and I had so much fun with it.

It was a spring day and I was 16 and I kinda knew I had a thing for desperation because I'd always love to see the girls in my school get really desperate and bursting and I really wanted that experience for myself. I was honestly kinda jealous of them because I never had any real desperation in public. I'd love it when a girl would be like "I really need to pee right now!" and grab her crotch and fidget. So one day I decided I was gonna get desperate intentionally and since my family was gone on a trip, I wouldn't have to worry about them seeing. So I woke up and had a slight urge to go, and I missed my usual morning piss.

Instead, I had a large glass of orange juice and got on the bus. While on the bus to school, I felt the urge increase slightly. I have a much larger than average bladder so it would take a while and I had it planned out very well so toward the end of the day I'd be dying for a piss. So when I got to school I had some breakfast and of course some more orange juice. Before class, I took a large drink of water. By second period, I was starting to feel it. By third, on a scale of 1-10 I was at a 3. It wasn't anything bad or unmanageable, but my bladder was starting to fill up and I could feel it. By fourth, I was starting to get up to a four as I just had another drink of water after third. After fourth was lunch, so it was the perfect opportunity to speed up the process. I only told my closest friend Danni what I was doing, and she thought it was crazy but wished me luck anyway.

I had some pizza but also two large iced teas because iced tea tends to be very unfriendly to my bladder. I did, and went to fifth. I was still at a 4-5 on the scale but it wasn't an emergency yet. After fifth, I bought a bottle of water and drank most of it and by sixth I started to get what I wanted. I went from a 5 to a 7 and loved it. I started to fidget and cross my legs and loved it. The girl sitting next to me saying "dude, you need to piss, don't you?" 

I said "yeah, but I can make it to the end of the hour." She said "good, because the teacher doesn't give out bathroom passes anyway." 40 minutes into sixth, I was up to an 8 on the scale. I had a hand in my crotch and was crossing and uncrossing my legs. After 6th, I was looking forward to 7th which was PE because I could try to hold on to a full bladder there. I changed in my gym shorts avoiding the toilets, and went right out for running. I ran very quickly and my full bladder pressing against me with the most pleasant pressure, I never felt more alive. When we did exercises I could barely stand still and was at an 8 on the scale still.

When we did sit ups, and went up, the pressure on my bladder was so great and I thought I'd burst any second but I managed to hold on. We played softball, and I literally did the pee-pee dance standing in the field. I was finally bursting and everyone saw me. Teacher said I only had to wait 20 minutes. I stood there fidgeting, dancing, biting my lip, hand in crotch just waiting for hot piss to explode into my gym shorts. It didn't happen. It was an intentional desperation/wetting, but I wanted it to be an "accident," i.e. I lost control and pissed myself. I could've just wet there by command, but I just kept my gym shorts on and walked to the bus. When I got on the bus, I was at a 9 on the scale.

I was really desperate. I was sitting across from a really cute red-haired girl and she saw me squirming in my seat. She was like "hey, you all right?" I told her "I am absolutely dying for a piss right now." She said "You too? I could definitely use one too." She didn't have to go as bad so sadly I didn't see her wet herself but we both were desperate together and seeing her struggle was so hot. The bus hit a bump and I had the weird feeling that the piss was gonna leave my bladder, and I felt it leaving, but it hadn't made it out of my dick yet. I told the girl "I'm not gonna make it." She saw me and said " I can tell. You got both hands jammed in your crotch right now.

As soon as we hit another bump I lost all control as sweet piss filled my underwear and gym shorts and ran down my legs into my shoes. I smiled and sighed with pure relier. I'd held since that last night from 11PM to 4PM the next day) and had so many fluids and I got what I wanted. The bus driver never actually said anything to me but didn't look too pleased about the mess when I got on the next morning and she disovered it; the girl said "You got your relief and I need mine. But she didn't piss her pants. She pissed in a McDonald's cup from the day befote in her bag and let me watch. That was amazing.

I had a few more wettings I'll post stories about and I really really want to do more and I want to make a wetting video some day too.

*002*2014-07-12 04:03

You can count on it. (;

