My 36 hour hold

Author: kenn

*000*2019-02-09 07:36

This is based on a true story. Since it was years ago, I had to sort of fabricate some of the fine details and dialogue, but for all intents and purposes, you can consider this a true story.

Feedback welcome

Some years ago, I had an online omo friend, who took joy from making me hold for her, so I told her that she could control what I drink, and when I would be allowed to release it. I would come to find out, I had no idea what I was getting myself into.

At the time, I had been doing quite a bit of holding, and had developed a rather large bladder from it. I believe at the time I could hold somewhere around 1700 ml.

The morning we began, I was allowed to pee at 11 a.m. and told only to drink if I was thirsty. Now, this struck me as rather odd, since I was expecting her to want me desperate that night, after my parents went to bed. (I was in college, but staying with them for the summer)

They day carried on as normal, with me drinking fairly little. (which is about normal for me. Terrible, I know.) I had a glass of water with my lunch, and sipped down another over the course of the afternoon. What also surprised me was how little I heard from the girl in charge of my bladder. It was getting close to dinner time when I got the text: “Have an extra glass of water with dinner ” and of course my response was “yes ma'am” as always. For the time being, it had to be. I wasn’t worried about the extra glass, I barely felt anything in my bladder at all at this point.

So, as 7:00 approached, dinner came, and as instructed, I had my glass of water, finished it as I ate, and had another before it was over. By 8, dinner was done and cleaned up, so I texted her again, asking if I had any more instructions. No reply. The next few hours went by without much excitement. I watched some tv, and felt the water from dinner make its way into my bladder. By 10:00 I was feeling those little bladder twinges, hinting at me to go to the bathroom. Not anything I would call urgent, though.

By 11, I was growing tired, and a little impatient. I was ready to give up this game and go to bed, since it wasn’t really turning out to be that exciting.

“Hey, I’m getting ready to go to bed pretty soon… Can I go pee now?”

Finally! A response.

“No, you can hold it. Goodnight ;* ”

Oh.

Well that’s not how I thought that would go…

Usually that’s when these things end..

It’s a little concerning, but at least it’s interesting now.

So I head to bed. For someone that usually pees right before bed every night, going to bed with a slight urge to pee was a very strange feeling, and so it took a good while for me to finally drift off to sleep.

7:00- I wake up, and the very first thing I notice is my bladder, now with 20 hours of urine collected inside it. It was full. Not bursting, but definitely uncomfortable. I could definitely do with some relief at this point, so I text her.

“Good morning”

“Good morning! How did you sleep?”

“Pretty well. It took a little while to get there though. But um… I kinda need to pee.. pretty badly now.. Can I go please? I haven’t since yesterday morning”

“Aw, does someone need a potty break? How bad is it?”

“Well, it definitely wants out, although the urge has died back a little since I first woke up. It’s under control. It feels full and heavy, like there’s a canteloupe in my stomach.”

“So it’s under control? Good! Because I wasn’t planning on letting you go. If I did, then you wouldn’t be full for tonight ”

“TONIGHT?! I can’t wait that long! I already really need to go!”

“I think you can do it

Oh, and make sure you have a glass of water with lunch ;* check in with me after that. TTYL”

I really had no idea how I was going to wait that long.. But I had my orders.

So I went about my morning as usual, doing some chores and working on a couple little projects I had going on. As I got used to the fullness in my bladder, it became slightly less distracting, but it was always there, and it would always catch my attention again sooner or later. All I could do was bounce my knees a little and try to push it to the back of my mind.

The morning dragged on, but eventually lunchtime came. I just made myself a sandwich, nothing fancy, and the obligatory glass of water to wash it down. My bladder was not happy about the water. Every drink seemed to go straight into it, even though I knew better. I spent much of lunch bouncing my knees under the table to cope with the water I had to drink, but nobody was around too close, so I could get away with it. And as instructed, when I finished my lunch, I texted her an update on my condition.

Afterwards, I took to some reading, hoping that getting lost in a book would help take my mind off my bladder. And after 30 minutes of trying to get focused on it, it did start to work. Unfortunately, it was short lived, as right about then, my phone buzzed.

“Glad to hear you’re holding up so well. I think now would be a perfect time for you to do the dishes, since you’ll need to anyway, and your bladder isn’t going to get any better, don’t you think? ”

*Oh no.. dishes.. Just what I need. *

I get up, and notice that while I was reading, the water from lunch had made its way to my bladder, which had now reached the next level of fullness. I felt like I had a large water balloon in my stomach. It was so full that it made me want to bend forward slightly, and I had to put extra effort into standing up straight and not drawing attention to myself.

*Oh no, this isn’t good… It’s only 1:30.. I still have at least 9 hours until everyone else goes to sleep… I don’t know if I can do this..*

So I go downstairs and start on the dishes. Ohhh dishes on a full bladder is not fun.. It took everything I had not to squirm around while the water was running. Even worse when my hands were in the water. I’ve never done dishes faster in my life. I just wanted to be done with them.

After what felt like 2 hours, and was really probably only 20 minutes, I was finally finished with the dishes, and ohh boy my bladder was not happy.. As soon as I dried my hands, I retreated to my room so I could make a private show of squirming around and grabbing myself to try and get the urge back under control. After several minutes of this, my bladder started to calm down a bit, and reverted to the (mostly) dull fullness that I had been getting used to. Although, it still felt fuller this time… so full..

“Hey.. doing the dishes with my bladder like this was really hard! I really don’t know if I can make it to tonight.. it’s so full.. I’ve never even held it this long before! Are you sure I can’t go pee? Pleasseee?"

After a few minutes with no reply, I decide to go back to reading again. It’s even tougher to get into this time. I can’t even find a comfortable position to sit with my full bladder being unhappy with even the slightest pressure on it. But I keep trying, because I’m sure that being totally distracted by a book is the only way I’m going to make it through the many hours that I have left to hold.

Eventually, I do get into the groove with reading, despite being interrupted by a strong urge from my bladder every ten minutes or so. Read, squeeze, read, don’t pee, read, just hold it, read, don’t look at the clock, read, squirm, read. Amazingly, I was able to get invested in the story, and not realize that hours had passed while I was reading.

When I came to, it was close to 6:00, and my bladder was making itself known, constantly. It had become too distracting to read. There was a constant urge to squirm. I needed something more engaging than a book now.. I noticed I’d missed a message:

"Aw, but you’re doing so well so far! I know you can do it, just hang in there Oh, and don’t forget to drink a glass of water with dinner AND fill up a glass to take back to your room afterwards. I’ll talk to you then ;* ”

Aghh even the thought of having to drink more water made me squirm again.. I really didn’t know how I was going to keep this up. I was getting depserate and I still had something like 4 hours to go. So I fired up the gamecube to try and get distracted. Legend of Zelda usually keeps me pretty occupied, so I give that a shot. And it works. Sort of. It does take my mind off of my bladder, but it doesn’t stop me from bouncing my legs and shifting around almost the whole time I’m playing.

Next thing I know it’s 7:15, and I’m being called downstairs for dinner. Or rather, to help get dinner on the table. When I stood up, the new fullness in my bladder hit me hard. I couldn’t believe how full it was. I had to bend over and squirm for a minute before I could go down there. At this point, I was worried.. I really didn’t know how I was going to hide it while I was down there with everyone else..

Downstairs helping get the food ready, it was difficult to stay stood up straight, and stay still, and don’t pee. Hold it, hold it, hold it. After a few agonizing minutes on my feet, I finally got to sit down again. But the struggle wasn’t over yet. Did I mention we have a glass table? Which means no cover for me. So I spend the next 45 minutes sitting there, surrounded by family, doing everything I can not to fidget and squirm with 33 hours of pee trying to burst out, all the while adding to it by drinking the glass I had been instructed to have, every drink feeling like a whole glass being poured into my bladder, all while trying to stay in conversation and seem like a normal person who hadn’t been holding their pee for over a day.

Finally, dinner was over. But this didn’t mean relief. No, instead it meant that it was time for me to help clean up. Which was absolute torture. It was just like getting ready for dinner all over again, but this time with the added torture of the water I drank with dinner gradually filtering into my bladder. I rushed to get everything cleaned up as quickly as possible, because my bladder was filling, I was already close to my limit, and it showed no signs of slowing down. As soon as I figured it was acceptable to do so, I retreated to my room once more, this time to make an even bigger spectacle for whatever ghosts were watching, doing a full on pee dance and holding myself, so glad to finally be alone again so I can tend to my ever-fuller bladder.

*Ok, it’s 8:45.. they usually go to bed around 10 or 10:30.. So.. an hour and a half? Can I hold it for an hour and a half? nghhh I don’t knowwww*

“Hey.. that water from dinner is setting in.. I’m getting really desperate now.. please, I really really gotta go ”

“Aw, you poor thing.. you must be so desperate by now! But you haven’t leaked yet, have you?”

“Miraculously, I haven’t… but I probably will soon! Please let me go”

“I’m glad to hear you haven’t leaked yet! I think you’re gonna be okay. You’re just gonna have to hold it a little longer, okay? At least until everyone is in bed. Let me know when that happens, then we’ll discuss getting you some relief. No leaks! good luck ”

*aghh nghh fuck.. I don’t think I can do this *

9:00- At this point, my bladder was so full, I was constantly putting forth effort just to keep the pee from spurting out, squirming, grabbing myself, I couldn’t even think straight. I thought about reading, but I couldn’t possibly concentrate on it, being so desperate. I thought about trying to play LoZ again, but I felt the need to hold myself about 1/3 of the time, and I knew I was gonna need to hold myself as much as possible if I was going to make it for another hour or more. I finally settled on getting on youtube to try and pass the time. So there I sat for the next 30 minutes, holding myself, squirming, fidgeting, and doing everything I possibly can to alleviate the urge even just a little bit. Then my phone buzzed.

“Oh, and that last glass of water you were supposed to bring to your room after dinner? I want that finished before you text me again ”

FUCK

I really wished she would have just forgotten about that glass.. just like I had… Dammit. Now I had to go back downstairs and get that glass.

I stood up and gave the pee dance everything I had for a minute, just to try and get it all out of my system for the 2 minutes it would take to go down and get that glass. I took everything I had to stand up straight, keep my legs still, and go downstairs. I had to keep my composure solid as I walked through the living room to the kitchen (where I was still in view). I started pouring the water. I really thought that was going to break me. My breathing all but stopped while the water was flowing, and the stress that seeing it put on my bladder caused me to leak just one tiny little spurt.

*Shit shit shit! I’m leaking, standing 30 feet from my parents! *

I made a beeline back to my room, luckily without any more incidents. This was getting out of hand, I was so desperate. Once in private again, I did a full on pee dance.

After I had managed to calm my bladder down just a little (LITTLE) bit, I went back to watching youtube, this time with more squirming than last time, and a constant grip on myself, just to make sure there were no leaks.

*9:45… okay, just keep holding it, you can do it.. just don’t pee.. hold it, hold it, hold it*

*10:00.. okay, 1/3 of my glass is gone, so that’s good, and hopefully it won’t be too long until everyone’s in bed.. *

At about 10:10, I had to stand up and pace around the room, doing a pee dance and squirming and holding myself, I just needed to move around to take the edge off. 10:20 I sit down again.

*10:25 gotta pee gotta pee gotta pee aghh fuck I’m so desperate I have to pee NOW nghh…

Wait… no, they can’t.. are they watching a movie?? fuck I’m gonna piss myself *

*10:30 shit, I have to drink that water too nghhhh *

At this point, I finished off another 1/3 of my glass, and my bladder revolted. It cramped and squeezed and forced another spurt out before I could even reach down to stop it.

*10:40 Dammit! when are they gonna go to bed! I’m pissing myself over here! *

At 10:45 I finally heard them turn off the tv and start heading to bed. Meanwhile, I’m pacing around my room, bent over, squirming all over the place, holding myself with two hands, doing everything I can to hold onto just under 36 hours of boiling piss that’s just ready to explode.

With great effort, I pull one hand away to text her.

“Okay, they’re going to bed now, and I’m holding with two hands just to not piss myself! Please, I need to pee, now!”

10:50, I heard them close their door. Now I had the freedom to move about the house, as long as I was quiet, but that didn’t help me much, because I still didn’t have permission to pee!

*aghh fuck, the water *

So I finished my glass of water. This time I drank with one hand and held myself tightly with the other, and fortunately I was able to prevent any leaks, but not for a lack of trying on my bladder’s part. I was fit to burst, any moment now.

10:55: “Aw, someone really really needs a potty break now, huh? You poor thing.. but you can hold a little more for me, can’t you? You can ”

“No, I really can’t, I’m about to burst, please let me go!”

“Hmm I guess we’ll just see about that… Go downstairs bathroom and get on skype with me”

11:00

- We started the skype call. These never end well for me..

H: aw, look at you, so desperate, squirming around.. you really need to go, don’t you?

M: Yes, I really do, please let me go

- t this point, I’m holding myself, my knees pressed tight together, bobbing up and down, breathing heavily

H: mmm not yet, I’m just starting to have fun. You can hold it for me a little longer, can’t you? 5 minutes?

M: i..I’m sorry, but n.no, I don’t think I can hold it another minute..

H: What’s that? Are you telling me no?

M: Agh.. i..I’m sorry, I mean.. Y..Yes ma'am, I’ll hold as l.long as you say..

- Trembling at this point, leaks threatening to burst through my fingers

H: That’s more like it Now, let’s try taking those hands away..

M: I can’t.. please.. I’ll pee..I..

H: Do it.

M: Y..yes ma'am..

- As soon as I release my grip, a large spurt bursts out, and I have to squirm and dance like crazy just to reduce it to a light drip

H: Stop that!

M: I’m t..trying

- I barely manage to gasp out. I’m so desperate I can barely breathe. With 36 hours of hot piss in my bladder, some of it keeps dribbling out, and all the squirming and dancing I can do can’t stop it

And that’s when I feel it.. that last drink I took from my glass of water.. It was choosing this moment to enter my bladder, and that was it. That was all I could take. I felt my already watermelon-sized bladder expand a bit more for just a second, I felt fuller than I had previously thought possible, and then the leaky dam burst. The dribble turned into spurts, into a stream, into a torrent, and next thing I know, I’m soaking from the waist down, and there was absolutely nothing I could do to stop it. After 36 hours, my bladder finally won.

H: Aw, you’re having an accident? You really did have to go didn’t you? tsk tsk.. It looks like you’re going to need some more practice controlling your bladder…

*004*2019-03-29 02:42

{{On 3/25/2019 at 2:39 PM, Wombat48 said:

Amazing! So well written- how did you feel afterwards?

}}

Thank you! :)

Afterwards, I'm pretty sure I just sat on the floor against the wall for several minutes, I was exhausted and SO relieved!

