Overseas Cultural Trip Desperation

Author: kkummi

*000*2021-08-14 19:49

This incident was one of the best personal experiences I had had, involving a teacher as well (non-sexual, though). To protect her privacy, I will name her Ms. Alya.

This incident had happened around two years back. I was on an overseas cultural school trip in South Korea, and though it was a blast, one of the nights had humiliated me to no end. This story would be split in two parts due to its length.

To those who need a description: I am on the shorter side at 155cm tall. I’m also rather slim and I have long, waist-length black hair. I am Asian (or Half-Korean and Half-Japanese to be exact, although funnily enough neither are languages that I can speak.). As this incident occured, I was wearing a cute and oversized brown blazer with a black, cropped turtleneck and a black miniskirt, paired with brown boots and knee-length black stockings.

I would say that my bladder is stronger than the average person’s, or rather, the average 16 year old’s at that time. However, that day, I had the unfortunate chance to visit a tea factory. We had sampled various aromatic flavours of tea and learning about the culture and history behind each flavour - it was really interesting.

At the end of the factory tour, many of my schoolmates had to use the washroom, some even bouncing up and down in desperation. A beeline formed outside the washrooms and being too lazy to queue while also overridden with confidence that with my strong bladder, I would be able to hold it until the next rest stop.

I was so, mortifyingly wrong.

I had consumed a lot of tea and I definitely should have known better. Tea had an especially effective diuretic effect on my bladder and the amount of tea had sent my kidneys into overdrive. Within not even half an hour after the bus had set off, I felt the first pang of desperation hit me.

I started freaking out. Usually, I could go at least three hours without even feeling an urge at all.

As I started to descend further into absolute panic mode, a second pang hit me. I immediately crossed my legs tightly and gritted my teeth, hoping it would pass. I was praying so hard that my friend next to me had not noticed a thing.

Clearly, my prayers did not work as I heard my friend ask, “Ariae, what’s up?”

I cursed myself silently and smiled, saying “Nothing, just making myself comfortable.”

Okay, this was bad. Very bad. Worse than bad! My bladder is literally filling five times as fast as usual.

Ariae, you have survived half a day of not peeing and you barely felt a thing. You can hold on for another.. two hours?

I tried distracting myself with games on my phone but all it did was made me lose my games and stress me out even further. To top it off, the insane cold did not help. I was starting to regret picking a trendy outfit over a warm one, and especially for not wearing my leggings.

Bladder check: 3/5 filled and it had just barely passed the one-half hour mark on the bus. I was beginning to get impatient as I was honestly, unsure of when we would be arriving.

Just as I was about to get up and ask my teacher when the next rest stop would be, I heard the driver announce, “We will be stopping for a rest stop soon. Does anyone need to go?”

Since pretty much everyone except for me had went, even the teachers, no one had raised their hands. I almost cried out for them to stop but I was too shy to have the whole bus wait just for me to go just because I didn’t go just now.

Fine. The next stop, there will definitely be others that will have to go. I’ll just go on with them.

I groaned silently while trying to drift off to sleep. Despite the alarmingly quick-filling bladder of mine, I drifted to a light sleep.

However, this lasted for barely an hour before woken up by a giant pang in my bladder. My god, it appeared that my kidneys had went insane after I took a nap and I was close to bursting.

I needed the washroom badly, and quick. I don’t think I had been this desperate in my life, and being cocky about my strong bladder had led me to this state.

Glancing out of the window, I could see a huge traffic jam. No damn way, how unlucky am I? I almost screamed in anger and frustration. I didn’t even know when the next rest stop would be.

Okay, Ariae. Just ask the teacher if we can stop by a washroom soon and pee.

I timidly got up and walked up to my teacher, whom I noticed had her legs tightly crossed and hands firmly on her thighs, looking tense, removing her hands immediately after noticing me.

Did she have to pee as well?

“Hey, Ms. Alya. I was wondering when we would be stopping next?” I tried to ask as casually as possible.

”Oh dear, I’m not so sure about that. It appears that there is a huge traffic jam. I don’t think we will be there for a really long time.” she replied sympathetically, obviously noticing my fidgeting and desperate attempts to hide my desperation.

“Oh, that’s okay. Thank you, Ms. Alya.” I smiled and went back to my seat, wincing on the way.

Thankfully for me, my friend next to me was asleep and I did not have to answer any questions.

Argh, curse you and your overconfidence, Ariae!

As passing minutes turned into hours, I could hardly keep back the torrent of urine pent up in my bladder. It was as though they had enough of me and was pushing with all their might against my urethra, begging to be released.

Please.. Ariae. Don’t wet yourself in front of all of your schoolmates.

I couldn’t stop fidgeting and bouncing in my seat as my thighs were pressed firmly together. Occasionally, I was so desperate that I pushed my hands against my crotch for a few seconds to fight back the war against my urine and my urethra.

The traffic seemed to be mocking me, barely moving an inch since two hours ago.

I was covered in cold sweat and shivering. I could hardly breathe. My mind wandered to Ms. Alya - she had always been the strict but secretly loving teacher. She was a rather attractive lady around her mid-twenties and always had her hair in a bun. I wondered how she was doing.

Should I ask if I could leave to find a washroom myself? We are stuck in a jam after all. Would I make a fool of myself? Or maybe, I secretly wanted to see how Ms. Alya was doing...

Wincing each step, and gritting my teeth, I had walked up to Ms. Alya and saw that she was nervously biting her nails, her legs bobbing up and down.

”Ms Alya.. I really have to use the washroom. I don’t think I can hold it for much longer, is there any way I could leave the bus and look for one?” I asked nervously, thighs tightly crossed as the only defensive method from having the insane amount of liquid pent up in my bladder from releasing itself onto the floor of the bus.

”I’m so sorry, I’m afraid that’s not possible. Though, I wish it was.. Do try to hold on for as long as you can, okay?” she sighed.

“That’s okay, thank you.” I smiled through gritted teeth as I hobbled back.

Okay, there is no way I could make it through another two hours. I don’t even think I could last another one.

At long last, the traffic started moving again. At this point in time, my hands were deep in my crotch and was the only thing keeping the bus from flooding with fresh golden liquid. I didn’t even care if my classmates saw me anymore.

”Hey, Ariae. You alright? Can you make it?” my concerned friend asked.

No, of course not! I am on the brink of wetting myself and if I remove my hands for just one second, if I had to hold this insane ocean of piss back for just one more hour, I swear to god, the whole thing we would be smelling in this bus for the rest of the trip would be the dried urine from today.

I could hardly even speak. I was shaking so badly and I could feel urine pushing hard, harder than my hands against my urethra. I was so, so, desperate it’s hard to even put it into words. I gasped for breath and my mouth was dry. I can’t hold it. Not anymore. Not for long.

Finally, the first wet spurt made it out of my bladder and I just about managed to stop it before I lose control. My eyes were welling with tears and my bladder, oh god, it hurt so badly all I could do was to bite my lip and try not to cry. I could feel a wet spot on my panties and it only magnified my urge, if that was even possible.

Finally, finally, after hours of torture, the words I oh-so-desperately wanted, no - NEEDED to hear was “We have arrived at our next destination. This is a free period for all of the students to purchase souvenirs for all family. Please meet back here in two hours. Please pair up or travel in groups.” announced Ms. Alya, legs crossed tightly.

FREEDOM, at long last!

Or so I had thought.

