A Brazen and Unexpected Sighting at Cannstatter Wassen

Author: remos6

*000*2018-09-30 08:42

A month ago I moved from the UK to Germany to live and work in the Stuttgart area for one year, on secondment from the UK office to our head office (I work for a large, multinational German engineering business - take a guess ). This weekend a group of us made up of fellow expats, colleagues visiting from the UK, and a small Finnish contingent had booked a table in one of the tents at Canstatter Volksfest. To put it very crudely, this large festival on the Canstatter Wassen fairground is Stuttgart’s answer to Munich’s Oktoberfest: garish fairground rides, cavernous beer tents, and a veritable sea of Lederhosen and Dirndl’s. 

We were booked into the afternoon session so rocked up at about 11:00 when the place was filling at an ever increasing rate, but not yet packed. Walking to our tent I did clock a couple of small, concrete toilet blocks scattered around which seemed a little inadequate. I was reminded briefly of some of the Oktoberfest posts that I had seen before on various different omo sites, but didn’t really give it a second thought.

A good time was had by all in the tent. The beer flowed, toasts were made, we sung (poorly) and danced (even more so) on the benches and generally embraced the culture of our new home. These tents are a very nice place to be: everyone is pleasantly drunk, happy, and there is very little in the way of fighting or conflict (obviously it would be impossible to hold an event like this in the UK…). That, and you are surrounded by lots of very attractive people decked out in fairly skimpy versions of traditional rural dress. Naturally when you are consuming litres of beer at a time then nature begins to take its course quite frequently, and so there are temporary toilet blocks set up inside the the beer tents themselves for the patrons. 

There were two offerings, standard or “VIP” which carried a 50c mandatory charge to use however the queues built up very quickly outside the standard option so I opted for the “VIP” ones each time, rather than waste 20 minutes missing out on the festivities. Something that I have noticed in my brief time in Germany so far is that when the queues build up at large public events, women are directed to use both the Ladies and the Gents, normally accompanied by much blushing, pointedly averted gaze and awkwardness from all involved.

Eventually the afternoon session reached its end, and we poured out of the tent into bright sunlight, which is a very odd feeling when you are used to leaving a club at closer to 4am, not 4pm! Those of us who had indulged a little more than others charged off towards the fairground attractions, leaving myself and the three Finns. We wandered around for an hour or so, playing a couple of the fairground games and trying vainly to link up with the others again but it was hopeless. By now the place was packed, as the leavers from the afternoon sittings crossed over with the arrivals for the evening ones. There was little phone signal, and every time you could get through and arrange a place to meet, the group would have been moved on again by the crowd, so in the end we gave up and decided to head on.

By now we had made our way to the edge of the Wassen, which is surrounded by a large, red brick embankment on which the U-Bahn (tram) tracks are situated. Tunnels cut through the embankment to allow access to the rest of the city, and also there are a couple of toilet blocks constructed underneath it. Two of our number went off the use the facilities, leaving just myself and the remaining Finn to wait. I mentioned that we should go and stand out of the sun, which by now was beating down, and so we moved a little ways away from the crowded intersection of the tunnel and the toilet block and stood in the shade of some Heras fencing, facing the brick wall and discussing politics & Brexit (because what else do European’s talk about nowadays ). The path we were standing on was still pretty busy, with a constant flow of all sorts: teenagers, students, 20-30 somethings like ourselves, families with young children, old couples - truly a people’s festival!

After a few minutes of waiting and talking, a group of three students, two girls and a guy, stopped across from us against the brick wall and one of the supporting pillars. The younger of the two, a slim, tanned brunette wearing a red and white chequered dirndl, had backed herself into the corner and was directing her two companions to come and stand around her. My companion was in the middle of a verse regarding the decline of manufacturing in Britain, but I must confess that I wasn’t entirely listening at this point. 

As I watched out of the corner of my eye, the lady hitched up her skirt a little, hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her underwear and in a flash her white thong was around her knees. She was leaning back on the wall with her legs half bent, and trying to look away from the passing crowd. Then suddenly, she started to pee. It wasn’t a continuous stream, rather a shower of fits and spurts, splattering off the hot tarmac as she giggled shyly. Not wanting to get caught in the splash-back both her friends backed away a little, leaving her totally unguarded. Not wanting to stare I turned back to my companion to mumble some small agreement to his current point, but couldn’t quite tear myself away completely.

She was peeing harder now, droplets were fanning out all around where she stood. She was gesticulating at her friends to stand closer, clearly wishing she could sink back into the brickwork, but still with a slight smile on her lips the whole time. Stopping clearly was not an option at this point. Her two friends were laughing though not cruelly and yet somehow no one in the passing crowd seemed to bat so much as an eyelid at this display. Her skirt was hitched up high at the sides revealing her hips, but fortunately the skirt and apron hung down at the front to help keep her dignity intact (well, as much as is possible while pissing uncontrollably under your skirt). I couldn’t see too clearly, but certainly the white canvas pumps that she was wearing must have been more than a little damp and her legs had not escaped the ravages of her overfull bladder either.

After maybe half a minute she started to run dry. The thong came up as quickly as it had gone down, her skirt was smoothed back into place, and she went off on her way with her friends, cheeks ablaze but laughing and joking with them as they went. I resisted the temptation to stare after her, and somehow managed to continue the conversation with my companion as it was now my turn to comment. He had taken no notice of the entire incident, nor it seemed had anyone else. A few minutes later the two other members of our group returned, and we went on our way. 

At the time I think I was so taken aback that I was more stunned then aroused, however since then I have continued to replay the events over and over in my head and to honest I am still pinching myself that it happened at all. I can’t recall specifics, but I am certain that I have seen discrete squatting at music festivals and the like before, though I never would have expected to see something as blatant as this. I feel very fortunate to have been in the right place at the right time, least not because although she was clearly feeling a little embarrassed, there was no cruel humiliation or shame, and certainly she did not look at all upset by the circumstances.

So there you go, hope you’ve all enjoyed reading my little account. Any constructive comments or notes on typos are very welcome

*003*2018-10-02 09:49

{{On 10/1/2018 at 9:46 AM, Tibarary said:

What a great sighting! thanks for writing this down, thats exactly what I like. Unfortunately until now I had not the chance to see something similar so close by, you are a lucky man!

}}

Glad to be of service

{{On 10/1/2018 at 10:13 AM, Adrian6970wc said:

Thanks for sharing that. A wonderful sighting too. Did you get the feeling that German attitudes to public urination were more liberal than British ones or about the same?

}}

Thanks! I think on balance they are more pragmatic about the topic, in comparison to my experience in the UK, but nowhere near the French level of brazenness which often borders on ridiculous. A few years ago I was at the 24 Hours of Le Mans, spectating from the catch fencing at about 2am with just a handful of other spectators about, when a gentleman standing about 6 foot to my left just unzipped and started pissing directly where he stood, not taking his gaze from the track, still holding his beer and smoking at the same time - c'est la vie!

In the absence of alcohol, the British attitude to public urination seems often to be very prudish but I think that's just in our nature.

