Soaked night in snow gear

Author: messyboarder

*000*2021-10-11 18:21

This is one of the experiences I've always wanted to try out but have been to scared to try out: could I spend an entire night sleeping soaking wet in my own pee?

Then, the following story, beautifully told by @WetConverse

, could not stop me anymore...

$iframe data-embed-src="$/69359-sk8er-and-friend-%F0%9F%98%8E%F0%9F%92%A6/?do=embed"

He he can seem to have some much fun wetting on an air mattress I should be able to do the same! So I went to a local discount store, got a mattress and a sleeping bag.

It took me a few days to get excited enough. I love to wet my snowpants. The feeling of the pee splashing around my ass while peeing in a sitting position is just absolutely amazing... So, naturally, I wanted to try it out how it feels wetting my pants while laying cozy in a sleeping bag.

Once I felt excited enough and had no plans for the next day, I started filling up my bladder by drinking many classes of water throughout the late afternoon. I started to slowly get desparate. But toilets were not allowed until the next days. I had dinner and continued drinking water. To make sure there were no spills on the floor I already put on trackpants, t-shirt, hoodie, snow pants, snow jacket.

Then I grabbed a good book, took a large bottle of water and got cozy in my sleeping bag. I was so excited to what was about to happen that I felt no more desperate. I was a bit disappointed, empied the bottle and filled it up again. No I really started to get desperate. It was around 10pm. I tried to continue reading but got too excited and distracted to focus. I put the book aside, laid on my belly and tried to relax.

But I was too excited and I could not just open my bladder and pee. Maybe laying on my belly was making peeing impossible? I started to push a bit and then, finally, a few spurts came out. Then I lifted a bit my hips, putting more weight on my knees and arms. And now it started to flow. What a great and nasty feeling. I was peeing my pants and my sleeping bag. And would then sleep in my puddle!!!

When I was done, I turned on my back and enjoyed being soaked. So far pants where holding and the sleeping bag was still dry. I got up, refilled my bottle, empied it, filled it again and got settled for the night...

[to be continued... ]

