Desperation Sighting on the Train

Author: Mariowario64

*000*2018-04-01 11:49

This is something I saw yesterday, so I figured that I'd write it down while it was still fresh on my mind. I was returning home from a comedy show and took the train to get there. Once we got in a train cart there was a woman I noticed. She was black, had cornrows, and was wearing a black coat. Though this lady was somewhat attractive, none of what I've mentioned so far is why I initially noticed her. I instead noticed her due to her fidgeting in her seat. In truth, fidgeting is an understatement. Violent shaking would be the more accurate term. 

My first impression was that she was mentally unstable due to the aforementioned and the fact that she was totally silent. Though I didn't know why she was making those constant leg movements I was curious about her predicament, so I'd glance at her for a moment and then look straight. The woman then would slightly stand up for a moment and then sit back down, and repeated this motion two or three times. In hindsight, she was likely doing this to get pressure of her bladder.

In the moment, however, this didn't help my psycho suspicion and was unsettling. Fortunately, I was mere moments away from learning the truth. Another black woman, this one with blonde dyed bangs, said something along the lines of "Do you really have to pee that bad?" Once this was stated, I had a minor Eureka moment. The two presumably attended some occasion together where she drank too much for her own good. I became aroused, but not noticeably so. 

Sadly, the story goes downhill from here. The woman stood up and, to the surprise of the other lady, left the train. To paraphrase, the remaining woman said "I have to pee too, but I'm not doing all that." to some man she knew, and later both of them left at some other station. By pure coincidence, I later sat where the main lady did earlier. The seat was dry as any other, so she most likely hadn't leaked yet. While it's a shame I'll never know what really happened to her, what i did see did bring me momentary enjoyment, and I hope this recollection brings readers enjoyment as well.

