Peed in my car somewhat unintentional

Author: Micron227

*000*2019-06-01 19:57

I work a 8am to 4pm monday through friday job dealing with paperword and files. Very boaring! To make my day fun, I like to start holding my pee starting at noon and see if i can make it home with out wetting myself.

Yesterday I didnt make it.

Normaly i drink about 20oz of coffee, water or soda and hour from the moment I wake up. I pee when i need to until noon. Thats when I start my hold. Then at 3pm I drink every 15 minutes. Mostly just water at this point. It makes me very desperate and I can usually make it home after my hour drive ready to burst. At this point i either let it go in my driveway or make my way to the bathroom.

Yesterday was Friday and very slow. So after lunch I got on a chatting app with my phone. By luck i found someone that was into omo and we started chatting. I was so caught up in the conversation i didnt notice i was drinking about every 30 minutes instead of every hour. By 3 pm i was already very desperate. I didnt go the last hour drinking every 15 monutes becuse I knew that would cause me to have an accident at work. (Not an option)

At 4pm I tried to clock out but I was so shakey from needing to pee that I couldnt type my employee number correctly. Took me a couple of times to get it right.

Once i sat in my car i was feeling ok enough that I thought i could make it. But then traffic hit. I was stuck. I tried to let out a little bit to relieve some pressure but my bladder had enough tourture. More pee came out than I wanted. I could feel the flow spread to my butt and thighs. I was finally able to make it stop. Traffic cleared up and was able to make it home with out further leaks... but the dammage was done. And it felt great.

Today im cleaning up the pee stain out of my car seat and doing a hold at the same time Thinking I will let it go i my drive way while washing the car.

*002*2019-06-01 21:55

I did eventhough it did'nt go as planned.

*004*2019-06-02 14:58

{{1 hour ago, GreenChile said:

That sounds like a ton of fun, have you ever pulled in your driveway and started losing control or lost control at your front door? Or is it voluntary?

}}

Most of the time while im sitting I can hold for what feel lime forever. The hard part is when i stand up or try to let some out to relieve pressure. So some times i get large leaks when I get out of the car. I can usualy make it to the bathroom (for easy clean up) before i let it all go.

If when i get home i feel like i can last a bit longer i take in a couple beers and do some yard work till i lose it.

*007*2019-06-08 13:52

{{11 hours ago, lovetohold said:

That sounds so fun! It's always super dangerous to try to leak a LITTLE bit to relieve pressure, isn't it? It's a game I like to play with myself when I'm nearly exploding – how much can I let out without bursting completely? haha

}}

I try to release enough to where it just starts to show. That small wet spot hopefully not too noticeable or just before it transfer to what ever seat im in.

