I had a good hold tonight

Author: bladderking1

*000*2016-02-24 20:51

Tonight the house was empty. I hadn't peed since the night before but I'd hardly drank anything since then or eaten anything either. I got home from college at about 6pm and had dinner. I needed to pee a bit at the time and had been aware of the temptation to go since about 2pm. I decided I would challenge myself. I drank 1 litre of water and had my dinner. 7pm arrived and I was sitting in front of the computer watching netflix. I decided to make this hold more interesting. I had a belt that was fully adjustable and fastened with a clip. This meant that you could make it as tight as you wanted. I put it on and tightened it. The pressure on my bladder suddenly built up meaning I couldn't stand still and it was filling up fast. I wrapped the excess belt around one of the little loops on my jeans so that it wouldn't loosen, put my jacket on and left the house for a walk.

It was dark and cold and I had a scarf, jacket and gloves on. I set my alarm for 30 minutes later and started walking. As I was walking I couldn't stop thinking about my increasing urge to let go. A number of thoughts were going through my head. Where I live it takes exactly an hour to get into the city centre train station which has a toilet. I started to make my way there.

Five minutes later I changed my mind and decided to walk to the local park. I followed a route round this park for the next 20 minutes stopping to sit on the odd bench for a short rest. 

By this point my bladder was getting really full and sitting on the bench was very difficult so I decided to carry on. I walked for another 5 minutes and found a bush. As I was walking I was loosening and tightening my belt periodically to make all this more difficult. I went into the bush which concealed me from public view completely. I considered allowing myself some relief. I unzipped and held onto my penis aiming into the bush. I didn't try to pee at all.

I decided that I didn't deserve it. I zipped my jeans back up again and left the bush. By this point 30 minutes had almost passed and I started to head home. I told myself to retrace my steps exactly and not take any short cuts meaning that the walk home would take the same amount of time as my walk to the bush. As I walked I unbuttoned the top button of my jeans and loosened the belt to make things easier. I was really really desperate and was probably leaking a little bit. I continued walking and sat on a bench which was freezing cold. I couldn't stay seated for more than 5 seconds without feeling like I was going to lose control. I kept walking and as I got half way home I tightened my belt again adding even more pressure to the situation. As I walked I kept telling myself that I didn't need to pee even though that was definitely not true.

I got home after 50 minutes of walking, stopping and crotch-grabbing. No one was in except me. I went into the bathroom, took off my jeans, shoes and socks leaving me in just my boxers and t-shirt. I started to run a bath. The sound of the water running really didn't help. I couldn't hold still. As the bath was running I decided to lie on the floor to make the hold more difficult. As I lay down a small spurt came out but I held back. I walked back and forwards in the bathroom constantly hopping and crossing my legs. I ran upstairs to get my towel and came back down. I climbed in the bath very slowly to prevent more leakage and lay down. It was extremely difficult to hold still and now that I had taken off my boxers and jeans I had no belt. It wasn't difficult enough and I grabbed my belt and tightened it round my waist to add to the pressure. The desperation was monumental by this point and I knew that I would lose the hold in the next five minutes.

Finally I lost control and the pee came flooding out of me. It felt amazing. So good that after I finished I wished I was still holding. I am now dressed again typing this up for you. This time next week I will do it all again.

