Wetting Couple How we started and where we now are

Author: krispee

*000*2017-01-04 23:25

My partner and I came to wetting quite late in life ( I was 47, she was 45), and we got into it quite by accident. We had gone out for a walk one evening in a local park, which had not visited for quite some time - a lovely balmy evening, sun shining, late summer - and Sue said she needed to pee, so, knowing the park had a toilet, we made our way there, only to find it all locked up, with a notice saying it was closed for renovation. As it was on the far side of the park, we had had a fairly long walk to get there, by which time Sue was getting desperate, and the affects of my earlier drinks were causing me some concern. Seeing the closed loo, we debated what to do next.

The park was a good mile from home and knowing there were no intervening public loos or pubs we could use, we realised our plight. I reckoned I might just make it, but Sue said there was no chance, and that she would have to go right now. While we looked around for some cover for her, so she might drop her jeans and panties, and relieve herself, Fate took a turn. Sue lost control of her bladder and started to piss herself. Her initial embarrassment, as her hot pee soaked into her clothes and ran down her legs, suddenly gave way to a look of pleasure - she was actually enjoying it - and it was making her horny, as she started to rub my crotch. I confess that the sight of her peeing herself had quite turned me on as well, but her stroking my already swelling cock, was doing no favours to my full bladder, and I said so.

"Oh go on, Kris!", she chided," join me and let it all flow!" Well, it was only fair that I should get in the same state as her, so I began to pee, and as my jeans got wet around the flies, Sue continued to rub my soaking crotch, and then pressed her sodden jeans against me and enjoyed some of my golden output. Her hands were clamped on my butt cheeks, ensuring we shared all my piss, and, kissing me deeply, she then said I should wipe some of our joint wetness on her breasts, and then either find somewhere in the park to fuck, or get home as fast as poss., because she wanted my wet cock inside her asap. This was the first time we had ever done any wetting, and as it was obviously a turn-onto us both, it wouldn't be the last. We didn't fuck in the park, but hurried home, still both soaked, and had a very passionate rest of the night.

Since that first accidental time, we have made mutual wetting a regular part of our love-making, and as we discovered that the smell of stale pee is a turn-on for us both, most weekends, we dress in previously wetted pants and jeans - the aroma as we put them on making us instantly horny - and stay in these clothes both days, soaking them yet again with frequent peeing, even sleeping in them, plus enjoying lots of other golden nectar games.

