My Girlfriend

Author: corsa198

*000*2012-05-30 22:23

This is my first proper post here so i'll set the scene for you.

I have been with my girlfriend for 5 1/2 years now and I originally told her about my fetish after we'd been together about 18 months, about as long as it took for me to gain the courage to tell her.

Now to the incident in question.

Last Friday we were going away for the weekend so I went to pick her up on Friday morning, where we had to finish packing. As I entered her bedroom I noticed a pair of knickers on the radiator that had clearly been washed out - sending my imagination into overdrive. I remembered about this all day to ask her what happened later that evening.

Once we had settled down that evening I asked her about the knickers, to which I was greeted by a cheeky smile and "I thought you would notice". She confirmed to me that she had indeed wet herself and then told me what caused her to wet herself.

The previous day she had decided to go shopping to get a last few things for our weekend away so she got herself ready and set off up town. When she had almost reached the supermarket, she remembered her bank card was on the worktop at home and so had to turn back to fetch it.

Due to the nice weather and as she describes, her lack of summer clothes, she decided to also go and buy some new summer clothes for when we went away. She told me that while she was looking through the clothes racks, she started to feel like she needed a wee, but carried on regardless. Once she had found what she was looking for, she went off to get those last few supplies, with her need to pee getting gradually worse. She managed to get the last few bits without incident and set off home without her bladder really protesting any more than previous.

When she was about 5 minutes from home, she realised how badly she needed to pee and was sat at some traffic lights bobbing up and down in her seat, and holding her crotch. She knew she was in trouble now and had to hope she could make it home in time before her bladder emptied itself into her knickers and jeans.

She made it home, parked the car and then had to unlock the door. While fumbling for her keys she said she could feel herself leaking, making her knickers wetter and wetter and it started to soak into her jeans. When she had finally unlocked the door she tried to run to the toilet but in her words "it was too late". As she started to make for the toilet she couldn't hold it and her bladder started to empty itself steadily into her knickers and jeans.

By the time she reached the toilet she said "my knickers were soaked and I had patches down both legs of my jeans" - so she pulled down her jeans and proceeded to finish weeing herself through her already wet knickers. Once she was finished she pulled her jeans back up, cleaned up any dribbles on the hall and kitchen floor before taking her wet clothes off and putting them in the washer.

I hope you enjoyed my Girlfriends accident as much as I did and I may post more in the future as they occur.

*002*2012-05-31 20:02

Yes she has wet herself on purpose for me to watch many times, in various outfits.

I am very grateful for what she does for me and try to tell her that as much as possible.

