Early experiences

Author: Jayolistreet

*000*2017-11-08 03:14

Hello all, I'm fairly new around here, and this is my first post.

Obligatory description paragraph: I'm around 5'1", short for a guy my age lol. Shoulder-length hair, it's dark brown, and my eyes are brown as well. I'm pretty pale, despite not being Caucasian. I'm 18 years old and have known about this fetish for a while now.

I don't exactly know where it started, how it started, all that good stuff.

All I know is that it started.

You could say my first experience was in my daycare/preschool for four year olds. I don't remember much about those years (2002, I believe, possibly 2003.), aside from a few memories I had with a friend of mine, let's call her Anna.

Again, I don't remember much, but I'll do my best. She was African-American, and always had her hair braided. She also, apparently, had quite the small bladder. I remember her wetting her pants a lot, but I only have one really vivid memory of her wetting.

We were playing with MegaBlocks (those oversized plastic Lego building blocks) in a corner with another boy, Ian. It was just after snack time and we had some sort of juice, I don't remember what kind. She was jumpy while we were playing, but we were kids, I just thought she was hyper. We all kinda were.

Ian said something about going off to finish a card he was making for someone (it was near Valentine's Day, I believe his card was for his mother), and left me alone with Anna. She must have been more comfortable now that he was gone, and confided in me the statement that always turned me into the jumpy one- "I need to pee."

I didn't understand it at this time, but I was slowly becoming excited.

We played a little while longer without anything major happening except her continuing to squirm about. Suddenly, she told me she was going to ask to go potty and stood up to go find a teacher.

The second she stood up, I saw the seat of her blue jeans turn a dark indigo.

She made a noise and ran across the room to one of our teachers, stopping halfway there and just breaking down into tears. She left a trail of liquid from the carpet where we were playing to the point on the floor where she was, ending with a big puddle that grew larger and larger as she stood there crying.

After that, I don't remember exactly what happened. I know we all had a clean change of clothes at the school/daycare center, so I assume she got cleaned up and changed. I recall seeing brown paper towel put down on the puddles she left, soaking them up as I watched in fascination.

I don't have contact with Anna anymore, given that I've moved school districts, but I still feel bad that she was embarrassed that way over and over with her frequent accidents.

Anyway, there's my first experience and post on this site. Feedback is appreciated! Let me know if you would like to see more of my early experiences.

- Jay

*002*2017-11-09 03:07

My first time actually exploring Omorashi involved an episode of a popular kids TV show when I was about 8 years old. Some of you may have heard of The Wonder Pets. I'm still convinced, to this day, that the writers of the show had some kind of pee fetish as well.

I was innocently watching my 30 minutes of television that I was allowed back in, I wanna say 2007?, when a new episode of Wonder Pets came on. It was my favorite show at the time so I was super excited.

The Wonder Pets consisted of a ginuea pig, a turtle, and a duck who went around saving various animals. This particular episode involved saving a dog who had to go potty, but was stuck in the house. They even sung a song about it, called "Wee Wee, Pee Pee, Tinkle." (I actually just checked YouTube, and it's still there.)

The episode ended with the puppy AND the Wonder Pets all going potty, and the soundtrack that I got for Christmas that year included that song. I mean, really, I'm convinced the show writers knew what they were doing.

Then again, about two years later, I had really gotten in to the Baby Sitters Club books. There was a sub-series about one of the baby sitters little sisters, Karen Brewer. While reading these books, I stumbled across one about New Years Resolutions. Don't ask me how this ties into the theme of the book, but there was a wetting scene in it. Karen was reading her adopted sister Emily a goodnight story, and Emily wets the bed. I must have reread that scene about fifty times that night, each time wondering why I felt a bit weird after reading it.

There was another wetting scene in a book series I read, Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing. I believe Judy Blume wrote those books. There was a birthday party, and something about a pet turtle. A little girl asked if the turtle knew how to "make". Main charter asked what she meant, and she demonstrated. Turns out she meant "make a tinkle", and peed on the floor.

By this time, I was around 9 or 10 years old and was beginning to associate that weird, throbbing, excited feeling down there with what I called 'pants wetting'. So, of course, I turned to the Internet. YouTube had a gem of a video series up called "Hold It", split into parts one and two. In it, a girl takes a diuretic to lose weight quick so she can fit into her dress that night, but can't find a bathroom in time and wets herself.

Boy oh boy, that video was probably the root of this all. I grew up in a religious household so I was taught that touching myself was very, very wrong. So, I improvised. I would position myself between my thighs and squeeze them together to create friction. Probably the most mind blowing moment of my preteen years was the time where I felt buildup and then released, "wetting" my pants with something other than pee.

I've got a lot more where that all came from, let me know if you would like too see more!

