First Time Wetting Jeans and Underwear

Author: Barefoot247

*000*2021-03-03 17:12

When I go walking, I'm usually wearing my black windbreaker material pants, with no underwear. If it's chilly, I will wear my spandex swimwear underneath, as I want to dry fast. When it's warn, a lot of times I wear shorts, made of not so thick material. If it's really hot, I take extra water which I use to pour on me. Anyone seeing my wet shorts probably thinks the the stains are just from the water I poured on me and not pee. This time when I was going for a walk, I was going to put clothes in the washer as soon as I got back home. I didn't care if my blue jeans got soaked with pee. One of my wetting spots along the way is a park. Normally, at the time of day I was there, I hardy ever see a lot of people. However, this time was different, as there were a bunch of people playing with their kids. With so many people there, I decided to move on to spot #2.

There, I was able to let go, with no problem. I walked further and now I'm on a main street and needed to go again. I went to the bus stop at which no one was there waiting. Behind the bus stop was a hill and above the hill was a fast food parking lot. There was one care there with guy eating his food and not paying attention to anything else. I got behind the trash can and let go, pretending that I was looking for bottles and cans in the trash can. The grass on the hill wasn't thick enough to hold all the pee I let out and it was running under the trash can and on to the street. No one was walking buy at the time but anyone paying attention is one of the cars waiting for the light across the street could have noticed. I walked on back to my car, holding a jacket in front of me. However, when wearing blue jeans, it harder to hide that you wet yourself because the pee stain goes all the way down to the feet.

After getting back to my car, as usual, I put a beach towel on my seat before driving away. On my way home I stopped at a fast food drive through. The person giving me my food is up higher and I'm sure they saw my wet jeans. I could have laid my jacket across my lap but I didn't care. I was tired and just wanted to get home. What could they do anyway? After arriving home, I had to go again before entering the house and let go a third time. I had some things to do before loading the washer. When I got around to doing that, I noticed my jeans had been drying but my underwear was still soaked. That's why when I walk with the intention of peeing, I don't wear underwear, as it takes so long to dry. I would think that women don't have such a problem as panties are a lot thinner that men's underwear and should dry quicker. Women, feel free to comment. This was my first time wetting jeans and having on underwear but the flow still felt good.

