A trip to Disney

Author: Big Boss

*000*2016-10-09 15:36

So I been meaning to tell this story here but never got around to it.

So it was about 2 years ago when my family surprised me with a trip to Disneyland for making honor roll. So after getting to the hotel and settling in I had an idea laying in bed. I was going to try and hold it for most of the day at Disney. So when the morning hit we were in a rush so I skipped my morning pee and got dressed. I was wearing a pair of nice fitting jeans and a pair of grey boxers along with a Assassins creed t shirt. I also put a belt on to push on my bladder to make more exciting. After we got there and got inside after waiting for a few minutes we first went to star tours. I was at a 4 on the desperation scale so I would squirm from time to time felling my bladder fill up. We got on the ride and let me say Star Tours is not good when you have to pee.

I almost leaked as we bounced around. After we left that ride we went on a few other including space mountain which made my desperation go from a four to a six pretty quickly. After a few hours of riding rides, seeing characters and drinking plenty of water I was bursting to pee. My member's head was just dripping with pee. It was around 8 and we got there at nine AM so I was at a 10 at that point. We were at dinner so I excused myself to use the restroom finally. I slowly made my way there my bladder sloshing with every step until I felt a spurt shot out into my boxers. I threw both my hands to my crotch and clutched my member through my pants as I continued my way to the bathroom. Once inside a went for a stall and slammed the door closed and locked it.

I then began to remove my belt as my bladder leaked again. Once it was undone I fumbled with my button and zipper as my bladder said fuck it and slowly began to release. I finally got my pants undone and almost ripped them off as I sat down and let the waterfall run wild. The relief was insane. I had not held it that long in almost a decade. As I was peeing I inspected my boxers and jeans, the front of my boxers were pretty wet and my jeans had a small wet patch in the front as well. After I was done with the amazing pee I had I put on my wet clothes again and my belt and went back to my family. When I got back to the hotel I had a lot to think about.

Thanks for the read, hoped you enjoyed!

*002*2016-10-09 18:24

{{5 minutes ago, Wetbriefs said:

Sounds like it was a fun trip. XD

}}

It was a pretty fun trip indeed!

*004*2016-10-10 19:43

{{5 minutes ago, Fred46888 said:

I can understand your desire to do this. Although I'm not the sort of person who wants to wet in public, if I'm someplace where toilets are readily available I have been known to wait until the last minute to pee.

}}

You do you man, I do me. no jugement

