I just want to see my boyfriend desperate!

Author: minniemousepee

*000*2017-04-25 01:19

We've been together for a year and a half and I still haven't seen him almost-wetting-himself desperate. There's been a few times (honestly less than 10 times the entire time we've been dating) where he emphasized that he REALLY needed to pee. Even though that's not that exciting, I get really turned on on the rare occasion that he says it. I love listening to him pee because it's always really loud and long, it seems like he only uses the bathroom when his bladder is full because he's always peeing for around 30 seconds. It's funny because even if I have to go a lot, I'm so shy about people hearing me pee that I try to aim it against the bowl so it's not too loud. When he pees, you can hear it anywhere else in the house. I love when it's especially long and I think about how much he must have needed it.

Another thing I've done a few times is when he says he has to go, I'll jokingly say something like "you're not allowed." or "you're going to leave me all alone?" and he almost always answers something along the lines of "if I stay, I'll have to pee on *the couch or wherever we are*". Silly, but it kind of gets me going to think he couldn't wait. One time recently I was showing him something online and we had been drinking a lot of booze. He stopped me in the middle of what I was showing him to go to the bathroom and I'm like "Wait it's almost over!"

And he's like "I'll be right back!" He peed for SO. LONG. Like over a minute and the whole time it was really loud and I love thinking about how he was probably struggling to hold on at that point. Also recently when we were on the phone he mentioned using this public bathroom in a nearby city that's notorious for being disgusting and filled with homeless people. I was making fun of him for using it and he said he really had to pee and it was an emergency situation. I've been fantasizing about it ever since, imagining him frantically searching for anywhere to pee and not caring if it's the most disgusting bathroom imaginable.

I'd love to see him pee. I have dreams where he sends me videos of himself peeing lol. I also have this specific fantasy of us on a road trip and he's about to piss himself and there's nowhere to pull over and he's driving and I have to undo his pants and aim his dick in a bottle and he fills it up so fast we have to find another bottle to contain all his pee. Sadly we went on a road trip recently and he wasn't desperate once.

So that's my very non exciting 'desperation' 'sightings'. Has anyone else got better stories about their boyfriend having to go? Or equally as frustrated as me? lol

*004*2017-04-25 19:08

Part of the reason I don't want to tell him is that I love authentic desperation and if he were to hold on purpose for me it wouldn't excite me that much. I know, kinda unusual, but if I know that someone is getting pleasure from holding or doing it intentionally, it doesn't have the same effect on me because I like thinking about the change from pain/uncomfortableness to relief and pleasure and the way that a non-omo person would experience it. So I just have to wait for the day that he actually gets desperate around me! The thing is though, I just really want to see him pee but I don't know how to do that without him being suspicious. I'd love to hold his penis while he pees, but I'm not sure how to go about asking without making him wonder why I want to.

{{7 hours ago, Fred46888 said:

If he habitually seems to wait until his bladder is quite full, I can think of just two reasons. Either he doesn't notice until it's full, or he likes the sensations from a full bladder. I know someone with ADD who often doesn't notice, and a lot of us here like the sensations! If he enjoys the feeling, he's halfway to fulfilling your fantasy.

You could initiate a discussion right after he has taken a long pee by saying something like, "It sure feels good to pee when you really have to go."

}}

This is an interesting observation. The other possibility I guess is that he has a huge bladder lol. I don't know for sure that he's waiting to go, it just seems like it because his pees always sound HUGE. And I have thought of commenting on it before, but I fear it could make him self conscious about how loud he is and he would stop doing it by aiming differently, and I would be very very sad lol.

*015*2017-05-08 04:35

It finally happened! This is going to sound like nothing lol but it was perfectly satisfying for me because a) I got to see him desperate but b) it wasn't super prolonged and he didn't seem in distress, which would have made it unenjoyable for me.

We had about a 40 minute drive to see a film screening and got food beforehand. He tried looking for a bathroom where we were eating but didn't see one (it was a small cafe) so he said he'd just wait until we were in the theater. He didn't seem particularly desperate but he did say "I can probably wait until then" as if he wasn't completely sure, which had kind of caught my attention. I'm a notoriously slow eater so it took me forever to finish my food and as I got near the end he started getting obviously desperate – saying his bladder was full, he'd been holding it since we left my house, etc. I immediately got really aroused and then I noticed how much he was jiggling his legs and he had his hands between his legs near his crotch. 

Almost like a 'potty dance' while we were sitting down. Not actually grabbing himself but he was visibly desperate. I couldn't believe it as I've been dating him for a while and have never seen him THAT desperate. He doesn't normally mention over and over again his need to go or physically show desperation at all so it must have been really bad. I had the opportunity to make it last longer but the loving girlfriend side of me felt guilty so we quickly left after that and he got to use the bathroom. I only wish I could have seen him pee after all that.

It was only a few minutes over all, but I can tell I'll be thinking about this for a long time... ;) I doubt I'll be seeing anything like that again soon.

