Desperate During Car Ride (Close Call)

Author: ollik38

*000*2020-01-03 17:02

For starters I will note that I'm usually pretty good at holding or just ignoring my urge to pee completely, but this was one of those rare occasions that I genuinely thought I was going to wet myself. So I thought it'd be good to write up.

I'm a guy in my early 20s. I was being driven by family members between houses since it was Christmastime and my family members are all over the country.

On this particular day, I'd been needing to pee way more often than usual. In an earlier car ride, that was only 1 hr 30 mins, I had gone before we left, had to go badly about halfway through and had to go badly again at the end of the journey. Fortunately, I was able to hold it fairly confidently those couple times.

I stayed at this house for a couple hours before I was to be picked up again. I must have used the bathroom about 2 or 3 times during the stay before I had to leave. However, note that I had made the stupid decision to not go just before I set off, and it had been about 30-40 mins since I had last peed when I got into the car. You would've thought I would've learnt by now...

Anyway, flash forward 20-30 mins into this journey and I'm already feeling the pressure building. I asked how long it would take and they said maybe total an hour and 30 mins (again), so just over an hour to go. I thought, alright, that's fine. I'd held more pee than this for way longer. I've gone entire work days without using the bathroom and I've barely drank any fluids today, so I should be fine. Should be. But I wasn't.

Fast forward another 15 minutes and now it's getting serious. I'm quickly feeling the pressure build and I get major bladder buldge when desperate, so could feel it pressing against my belt. I eventually expanded the belt by a couple of holes and had to keep doing this throughout the journey as it got worse.

It may be an exaggeration, but it was one of the few times in my life where I genuinely felt like I was going to explode. There was more than one moment where I was willing to let myself wet, relaxing my muscles to do so, but (luckily for me (unluckily for you guys )) my body was persistent and held on, even if it was starting to get painful.

I was seriously bursting to pee. I'm usually not at all twitchy or vocal when I need to pee, but my leg was dying to start bouncing, which I prevented as it would've given my need away*.

No lie, I was staring at Google Maps in those last 20 minutes, making checkpoints for myself. E.g. "If I can make it past the next junction, I'll be alright. If I can make it past this next junction, I'll be alright", and so on.

When we finally pulled in, I had no time for conversation or even to take my stuff out of the car. I stepped straight out and fast-walked it to the door, shooting off upstairs to the bathroom. Thank god it wasn't occupied or I might actually have had a major leak or, worse, a full wet.

I swear I'd never pissed for longer than I did that day. Of course, it felt incredible (which is why I'm here lol), but it was still scary to think that I almost lost control, when I really never have before, and I almost did in front of family members in their own car.

Let me know if you want anymore sweet deets about the whole dilemma. I actually enjoyed writing this up more than I thought, so let me know if you enjoyed this and I might do another

*For anyone who's wondering, I didn't tell anyone I had to go half because we were on a motorway and it would have been inconvenient to stop, and half because the experience was a huge turn on!

