My life to date

Author: DR2401

*000*2018-04-26 13:28

I just signed up, but have been hanging around these types of places for a long time—I’ve known I was arroused by wetting since I was a child and have been active in seeking ways to fulfil my wetting fantasies since I was sexual aware. I find this fetish both a blessing and a curse, depending on my mood.

I wanted to share my wetting experiences as an introduction to the forums as I, after years of avoiding it, am now interested in sharing my experiences with others in hopes that I will better understand myself.

As I said, I have been aware of my kink since I was young. That kink is specifically accidents. The idea of someone losing bladder control, or of losing it myself, is overwhelmingly arousing to me.

I call myself a “switch”. I am turned on by other’s accidents (I am primarily heterosexual, so I’m mostly attracted to female accidents), or by my own. I have learned through the years that the embarrassment of the act is a big part of the attousal.

Finding real sightings of accidents is difficult. I have only seen the aftermath of four accidents in my adult life. I’m always hoping to see a “holy grail” — a girl who shows signs of desperation, struggles for a while before losing control embarrassingly. But, till now, I’ve only experienced that on video.

My own accidents are a different story. I will share those now.

I was always terrified of getting caught peeing myself when I first started to do it. Despite that fear I was also turned on by the idea. I won’t go into details of my pre-18 accidents, but I was never willing to go as far as I wanted. I lived in too small a town and felt that the stigma of peeing myself at a far too old age would follow me around and prevent me from having friends. However, I became consumed by the idea of crossing that line once I moved away from home and into a bigger place where everyone didn’t know me.

When I went to university I was determined to follow through, but I still wanted to keep a separate, dry, space where no one would be the wiser.

I devised a plan. I would volunteer off campus with several organizations so that I could develop a friend group not attached to my university. I made sure to never mix the two social groups. I was successful at doing just that and by about 6-months into my first year I was ready to start my plan.

I started by doing research to find a medical condition that had incontience or increased urine production as a side effect. I figured that as long as I had some big medicine names to drop into a conversation no one would question it. After coming up with a suitable disorder I was ready.

It was still scary. I wanted to do it, but it was going to take time to work my nerve up. I started by just implying it. I remember being out for drinks with a few people and running to the bathroom a few times during — enough that it was noticeable. That was the first time I said to someone that I had a medical conditiin that made me have to go to the bathroom a lot. I made a joke about having a small bladder. Left it at that.

Ovee next few weeks I kept that act up and eventually started to befriend one particular girl in the group. I started to share things with her (real things) and our friendship grew.

I waited my time until it was natural to talk about pee again with her. One day we were walking to the bus together and I decided to pretend that I badly had to go to the bathroom. I did the whole potty dance routine and ran into a coffee shop under the guise that I couldn’t wait until I got to bus. When I got out I apologized and reminded her of my condition and said “when I have to go I have to go NOW.” I left it at that.

A couple weeks later I started figeting on the bus when we were going somewhere. She asked me if I needed to go to the bathroom and if I was going to be ok. I decided to milk the situation for all it was worth. I told her that I didn’t know and asked how long bus ride was. She told me and I responded that I probably would make it. After a min or so I said to her “promise not to make fun of me, but my condition is acting up lately. I should have been more careful.” She said she understood, but I interrupted her and said “you don’t understand. I have full on wet my pants before.” At this point she was fully sympathetic and just kept telling me we weren’t far from our stop.”

I wasn’t ready to have the accident yet, so I ran to a bathroom once off bus. After leaving I said to her that it was “a close call.” She asked me about the condition and I proceeded to tell her a (made up) history. I said that I mostly kept it under control, but that I had had a few embarrassing incidents over the years — I would repeat the stories to others that I was looking to gain the trust of over the next few years — peeing my pants in grade 7 classroom, an accident in line for the bathroom at a football game and peeing myself on a school bus in grade 12. I also said that I had wet the bed about once every 3-4 months since I was a boy. This became my back story. I always waited to tell it until I knew the reaction would be sympathetic and protective. I would tell it to about 10 women over the next few years.

Telling the story would often lead to the women sharing stories of their own accidents (not always, but usually). In this first case she did indeed tell me that she once peed herself on a drive to her grandparents.

It was time to take the final step now. I couldn’t immediately do it, but I remained on the look for an operatunity with her. I made sure to always have a full bladder when I was alone with her.

About five weeks later we were going to a movie. She was driving. When we hit traffic on way home I knew it was time. I told her to get to a bathroom as soon as possible about 5 min into the traffic jam. I waited 10 more min until I stated to squirm in my seat and to hold myself. She was very sweet. She told me to do my best to hold it. She promised me she wouldn’t tell anyone if I peed my pants. After about 5 more min I made myself cry a little. I said I don’t think I can hold it much longer. She said to try my best and started to look around car for something I could pee into. At that point I was nearly shaking with anticipation— was I really going to pee my pants in front of someone. I saw a newspaper in back seat and told her to grab it for me. She asked why and I said I don’t want to get your seats wet. She silently handed it to me and I put it on seat.

We were both quiet. I did actually have to go pretty badly, but it was still going to be a challenge to let go. I focused hard to let dribble out. I had about 10 min before she would pull over. It was now or never.

I starec out the passenger window at a truck that was beside us. I can still see the truck now and I can feel the first drop going out. I looked down and saw a wet spot the size of a quarter on my pants. I kept staring out window and said “shit. I can’t hold it. I’m sorry.”

Then it came. My face was burning red and I was embarsssec and aroused equally. I felt it running down my legs and heard it hitting the floor.

The car was quiet. I finally said “I just couldn’t hold it.”

She told me not to worry about it and that I couldn’t help it. We drove back to her place and she lent me trsckpants.

I remained friends with her for several more years but that was only time I peed myself in front of her. I did tell her of other accidents I had while we were friends and, much to my excitement, she called me a couple years later to tell me that I was no longer the only person to have peed in her car. She had wet herself on a trip home and said that she thought of me when it got to a breaking point you just wash your pants and move on, like you do, she told me.

I would repeat that scenario many times over the years. I wet my bed with girlfriends in it, I peed on a subway and at a concert once. I’ve wet my pants in several cars and at the front door on a few occasions. I rarely did it more than once with the same person (with one exception where i did three times in a short period of time after she decided to “cure” me by stretching my bladder out. She thought I peed too much and if I held it more I’d have better control. Showed her.

It was always a rush beyond words and each time still turns me on today. It’s been a while now, but I have been working up nerve to do it on a train or bus by strangers. I’ve managed to go a little but never full accident.

I also have been trying to accidentally wet the bed by taking sleeping pills and drinking a gallon of water, but so far no luck.

Anyway, that’s my story. I wrote it as much for myself as anyone, but I hope you enjoyed it.

*004*2018-04-30 12:10

{{On 4/28/2018 at 3:35 PM, sorjello said:

Any chance we can hear the subway or concert stories?

}}

Here’s my thing. I want to be embarrassed, but I also want to be safe. That’s why it took so long to set up that wetting. She wasn’t going to hold it over me, yet it was still kind of surprising to her that I’d pee. I told her I might, but she didn’t truly believe until it happened. Allowing myself to be that vuntable/exposed/embarrassed was a massive turn on.

The next two times I did it was easier. I wasn’t as scared of rejection since I’d done it already. I looked at it like everything would be fine so long as I kept her away from my “dry” friends.

I met a girl that was slightly younger than me not long after who I became romantically involved with. I immediately decided that I was going to start the process of setting her up for wetting.

I didn’t waste time with her. I wanted to put the idea on the table from the start, once it became clear that a romantic involvement was possible. After about our third or fourth date we started talking about where things were going. I told her that I had to tell her something about myself and that I hoped she wouldn’t judge me after I did. She was concerned by that, thinking it was something really bad so I responded by saying “no, it’s just an embarrassing medical condition I have.”

She encouraged me to continue. While playing up how embarrassing it was (it was only partly acting. It is embarrassing to tell someone that you wet your pants/bed. That’s part of the rush) I again asked her to promise me that she wouldn’t make fun of me or tell anyone. She did.

I then went into detail about my “condition”, which made me produce more urine than most people and how that meant that I often had to rush to a bathroom.

She said that didn’t seem that bad and that everyone had to rush to a bathroom from time to time.

I paused and said “you don’t understand. Sometimes I don’t make it.”

She said “you mean that you wet yourself? How often?”

I said “not all the time. It’s been about 8 months since I had any sort of an accident and about a year since I fully lost control. It happened a lot when I was younger, but only about once a year now.”

She then asked a bunch of questions about how I tried to treat it and whether I wore diapers. I responded that I only wore diapers if I knew that I was going to be in a situation where a bathroom wouldn’t be available for a significant period of time and that I mostly had been able to avoid public accidents over the years by simply being careful. Then I added, but I do wet the bed about once every 3-4 months.”

She admitted to being taken aback by the news, but that she didn’t think less of me. She asked me how she could help. I told her to just be understanding and to know that when I said I needed to find a bathroom that we should prioritize that.

Having set it up I dropped it for the time being. Over next couple months I didn’t really mention it, but did make a show of running to the bathroom a few times.

One night we were out and she wanted to go back to her house. Rather than jump on opertunity I instead told her I didn’t think it was a good idea. She was confused until I looked her in the eye and said “remember what I told you about my condition? It probably won’t happen, but I don’t want to risk staining your mattress.” She immediately went into protective mode (this happens a lot after you tell them). She told me we’d risk it.

I didn’t stain her mattress that night, but the next day she insisted that we go shopping for a mattress protector. We bonded and I started to get excited by what I was getting permission to do.

Over next couple months I slept at her house about 3 times a week. I didn’t want to immediately wet the bed as I wanted it to be a bit random. Finally I picked the day. I remember it was mid-week and that we didn’t drink the night before. I didn’t pee for about four hours before bed and, in fact, drank a good deal of water every time I pretended to go to bathroom.

I did legit have to pee pretty badly by time we went to bed. I slept off and on for about four hours. I got to point where I was in pain I had to pee so badly. Yet it was hard to let go.

Finaly I found a position where I could relax my bladder enough to release. I almost went into a meditative state — I had peed my bed by myself before (and even had an actual accident — my only real one of my adult life — about a year earlier), but this was a different thing. It took about three tries before I felt it escape for a second or two. I instinctively stopped the flow, but the damage was done. There was a sizeable wet spot on the bed. No point holding back now. I relaxed again and it came. I soaked the bed, I was dreanched from my bellybutton to my knees. It was glorious.

I waited about 30 min before sitting up and putting my hands in my face. I waited until she noticed I was awake and looked at her and said “I’m sorry.”

We got up and changed the sheets. She told me not to worry about it and that she knew it might happen.

I would wet her bed two more times during our relationship. Once after drinking when I woke up having to go and just letting rip and another time where I planned it.

We were together almost two years. I also peed my pants with her on one occasion. We were returning from a bar on a bus when I legit had to go fairly bad. Once we got off the bus we had about a 10 min walk to the house. I was making a big show of having to go and she, being a little drunk, was actually teasing me a little about it — “you’re gonna pee your pants. I know you are. Better run.” I was telling her to stop it because it was true. The whole thing was unplanned which made it more of a rush. Finally with about 2-3 min to go I said to her “I’m seriously not going to make it. I’m going to pee my pants” and then I started running towards the house. I got to the door and she had the key. I looked at her and pleaded “hurry” as I bent over at my knees. “I can’t, I can’t, oh no, I can’t” as I bent over I let it go. She was laughing her ass off at me as I stood in my puddle.

She is the only girl I’ve done this with who claimed to have never peed their pants and who never seemed close. Not gonna lie. Seeing that remains a fantasy.

I’ll share another story soon.

