Almost peed myself on a plane

Author: vlxki

*000*2020-03-16 02:24

So i had an exciting experience on a plane today. i hadn't gone to the bathroom since i woke up in the morning, and i had a large chai latte when i arrived at the airport a few hours before my flight. when i got on the plane i forgot about it, and slept for the first 2 hours.

When i woke up i could feel a pretty strong pressure on my bladder, but it wasn't too bad, and i was in the window seat, so i figured i'd just wait till the plane landed to go to the bathroom.

Over the next half hour or so, i still didn't want to bother the people sitting next to me, but i could feel my need grow gradually stronger, and i had to start squirming a little and jiggling my leg. by the time half an hour had passed, i was really starting to feel uncomfortable. it was at the point where i started having trouble concentrating on what i was doing on my laptop, and i decided that there was no way i'd be able to hold it the whole flight, so i should just go now.

Unfortunately, as i was thinking this but before getting up, the seatbelt sign turned on. i wasn't too worried because i could definitely hold it for a bit, so i decided it'd be fine and i could wait until it turned off.

It stayed on for 10 minutes or so, during which i got progressively more uncomfortable, having to cross and uncross my legs a few times to hold in my pee. i was quite relieved when the sign turned off, but right when it did, the guy sitting next to me got up to go to the bathroom too.

I decided it'd be easier and less noticeable holding it sitting down than standing up waiting for the bathroom, so i stayed in my seat to wait for him to get back. but this backfired, because the seatbelt sign turned back on before he returned.

Now i was starting to worry a little bit. i was at the point where i was still trying to squirm subtly, but if you looked at me you could definitely tell i had to go. i wasn't *too* concerned about not being able to hold it, but the thought did cross my mind.

Unluckily for me, this time the turbulence lasted for around half an hour. over the course of that time, i got gradually more desperate to pee, and it was starting to become about the only thing i could think about.

At first i was hoping it would only last for a bit like the first time, but after around 10 minutes had passed and the turbulence showed no signs of stopping, i was starting to become genuinely concerned about whether i'd be able to make it. i was trying not to be too obvious about my desperation, but i was now constantly squirming and squeezing my legs together, occasionally bouncing both of them up and down.

After about 10 more minutes that felt a lot longer, i realized that if the turbulence lasted for too long, it was a very real possibility that i would wet myself on the plane. i started to panic a little, and still trying to be as subtle as possible, pressed hard on my inner thigh with my hand, trying as hard as i could to resist the urge to hold myself.

At this point i started losing track of time, begging the seatbelt sign to turn off so i could let go of the huge amount of pee i was holding in. probably 5 or 10 minutes later, i was really getting close to my limit, and trying not to think of whether people would see me, had to start grabbing myself under the tray table (which really didn't hide much) to avoid losing it.

After a few minutes of this, my body was telling me that i was about to pee myself if i didn't do something about it. panicked, i decided to let a little bit go so i could hold in the rest. as i tried to release as little pee as i could, a spurt way larger than what i intended came out, and my heartrate must have nearly doubled as i quickly thrust my hand between my legs.

I was incredibly embarrassed, but i had to pee about as bad as i ever had before, and i knew that i had minutes left before i would start peeing in my seat. i kept my hand pushed between my legs, because it felt like it was the only thing keeping my pee from flooding out. i hadn't gotten up to go to the bathroom because i had seen a flight attendant send someone back to her seat when she tried to go, but i was so desperate that i was about to decide that the embarrassment of people seeing how badly i had to go was better than the embarrassment of wetting myself.

Fortunately, i didn't have to make that decision, because just then the seatbelt sign turned back off. i froze for a few seconds, still squirming desperately in my seat, because i didn't want the people next to me to see me immediately jump up and know how badly i had to go. but i couldn't wait any longer than that, and i mumbled an "excuse me" as i tried my best to keep my composure while i stepped over them and speedwalked down the aisle.

It was a good thing for me that nobody had gotten to the bathroom before me, because if i had to wait even for one person i think i might not have made it, i was really that close to my limit. i very nearly started peeing on myself in anticipation of getting to a toilet as i was locking the door, but barely managed to hold on for the last few seconds.

So yeah, that was one of the closest calls i've had in public, and i felt *incredibly* relieved as i finally peed for who knows how long

$

