8th grade standardized test desperation

Author: DesperateLuigi

*000*2017-07-03 19:51

This will be my first post that is longer than a few words, so I am open to feedback and criticism.

So back in 8th grade, there were these three girls in my class. For safety, let's say their names are Sydney, Avery, and Maddie. It was our second day of standardized testing, and we were in 1st period English. Now Sydney sat right next to me, Avery sat next to Sydney, and during testing, our class was split, and Maddie was in the other group. Before the test, we were given a water bottle, some candy, and a chocolate-chip granola bar.

So when the test started, Sydney and Avery chugged their bottles and asked for a more. The teacher said yes, and handed them a bottle each. Now, about halfway through the two and a half hour test window, I noticed Sydney was fidgeting pretty badly. Then I saw Avery doing the same. I thought nothing of it, and continued my test.

Fifteen minutes later, I finished, and handed it in. A few minutes after that, Avery tuned her test in, with Sydney following close behind. While they were up there, Sydney asked to go to the bathroom. The teacher said no, and that they had to wait "untill the designated test time was over."

I watched them in awe, as they squirmed in desperation. Then the other half of the class came in, and Maddie darted over to Sydney and Avery. "I need to pee so badly!" Exclaimed Maddie. "I know, so do we!" Sydney said. "But the teacher said to wait!"

"Oh, what does he know. I have always had a weak bladder." Avery stated.

For a while, they were silent. Then Sydney whispered to them, "oh shit!"

"What?"

"I just leaked a whole lot!" She said. I look over to see a spot in between her legs that was about the size of a extremely large glof ball. "Well shit." Said Avery. "Wait, look!" Said Maddie. "The test window is over!" Then, over the P.A., the principle told us that some classes had not finished their test, and that they were extending the test period by fifteen minutes. "Shit!" Sydney cursed under her breath. "Shit shit shit! I can't wait that long!" She said.

Just then a short hissing noise was heard. "Oh fuuuu..." Avery said before she was interrupted by Maddie. " You leaked too?" She asked, squirming with desperation. "I will not stand for this any longer. I am going up to that teacher, and telling him we are walking out! I am going to stomp my way on over!" Maddie said. But, she was not able to stomp.

To be honest, waddling up to your teachers desk is not very threatening. She came back a minute later, and was angry. "He said that there were only a few minutes left and for us to wait. I always knew I hated this class." She said. Another few minutes of silence (and obvious concentration) later, the bell rang. We had five minutes to get a drink and use the restroom. I went to use the restroom, and went back to class. The girls came back, but it looked like they still had to go.

(Do you like this? Tell me and I will continue!)

*003*2017-07-11 15:48

Sorry I have not continued, just been very busy. I hope to have the second part done very soon.

