A series of errors

Author: littlerush

*000*2019-05-05 01:54

(this is my first real post! it’s also almost 3am here so apologies that this is far from a literary masterpiece — more stream-of-consciousness. hope you like!) 

Today was my friend’s 18th, and a bunch of us went to the pub to celebrate. quite low-key, only about 10 people and not heavy drinking.

I was wearing fishnets, a floral skirt and a black top, plus jacket. (i’m very small, like 5’2”ish. dark hair, blue eyes). i got ready quite late and basically hopped out the shower onto my bike. i hadn’t really eaten since breakfast, so rocked up to the pub on an empty stomach. that was probably my first mistake.

I had a mojito-style thing at about 8:30, then two tequila shots. bearing in mind how small i am, i was tipsy pretty much immediately. a second mistake. my friends took a trip to the bathroom and i went with them, but decided in there that i wanted to challenge myself ;)) and just fixed my makeup instead.

By about 10:30 i was drunk. there weren’t enough chairs for our whole group, so i ended up shuffled on a few people’s laps, then decided i’d be happier on the floor (the chairs were very low anyway). i was beginning to get desperate, maybe a 7/10, and discreetly tensing whilst on someone’s lap is difficult. the floor was freezing, and there were a few points where i felt suddenly like i was gonna lose it. maybe i caught a chill or something.

Eventually i decided to go to the toilet, but not before i’d deliberately dribbled a little. my heart beat so hard. i’ve never done that before in a room full of people. exhilaratin 

To make up for that release i bought a coke, and downed that. the other drinks were still making their way to my bladder, and genuinely within 20 minutes i felt a need again.

The gathering petered out and a few of us went to a nearby friend’s house. she offered us tea. accepting was my third mistake. i chatted there for a while until it was just three of us. the two of them made tea for themselves, and we talked. then what i would dramatically describe as ‘my undoing’ occurred. a taxi arrived for one girl, and she gave me her drink. fourth mistake. by this point i was a solid 8/10. i could feel myself almost pulsing there in an effort to hold in, and in excitement.

It was about 1am by the time i started making my way home, and i genuinely felt like i was gonna piss myself as soon as i got out in the cold air. though marginally sobered, the diuretic effect was still very much present, and i had to hold myself for a second on my way to my bike. the route home was via a usually-busy road, but there weren’t many cars at all. as i tuned onto the road, i had to press into the bicycle seat with my pussy, a massive wave of desperation coming over me. the pressure was acutely in my abdomen, and clenching made me shiver slightly.

I cycled one handed, one resting on the top of my skirt. i still feel to shy to hold properly even in the middle of the night. after about five minutes of grinding into the seat and feeling the pressure increase, i felt a dribble squeeze out, tensed up as hard as i could. the warmth spread between my lips.

I was honestly frantic, and made the classic error of thinking i could ‘ease the pressure’. you’d think i’d know better, but honestly it was my only choice. the wetness on my underwear rubbed up against me (it was a thong and not at all absorbent, unfortunately) as i slowly made my way to the worse lit area, between two lamp posts. i’d barely relaxed, but it came out in a gush between my legs and splattered onto the floor. i’m sure i gasped, couldn’t stop it for several seconds, but finally did.

I got back on my bike. i just wet myself like a child i thought i peed all over the ground. and it hadn’t helped. i could feel little drops escaping, like i’d unlocked a door and couldn’t quite close it again. i kept dribbling warm rivulets down my legs, praying that the rare passers by wouldn’t notice. i was desperately wishing i would be able to make it home, but it looked less and less likely as time went on. i got off to walk, fidgeting with desperation, drips still warming my crotch every minute or so. i felt like i could totally lose control any second (i was right).

By some miracle i made it a few streets away from my house, where things are much quieter, before i started fully wetting myself. suddenly a gush sprayed out of me onto the ground, and i snapped my legs together. if anyone had been there to see me they would’ve laughed, i looked so surprised and embarrassed, despite all the warning dribbles. the tarmac was wet underneath me, and i was still trickling down my legs.

I figured i had to think pragmatically, and dashed with my bike into a cul-de-sac. there were no street lamps, and i unashamedly grabbed myself to hold on. i don’t really know what ‘good’ outcome i was planning, but it was not what really happened. it was essentially as soon as i’d got to that street, another massive spurt came out, and i spread my legs to stop it going into my shoes. i did try my hardest to stop going, but it was a losing battle; i released almost all the pee in me onto the street, standing there with my legs open. it had got on the front of my skirt, and my panties were soaked. the relief was amazing, and i felt myself getting wetter otherwise.

After this deluge i made it all the way home, wet clothes chafing in possibly the best way. as i was unlocking the door it was clear that more of the tea had made its way to my bladder, and i wasn’t going through the pretence of holding on. i wet the floor outside the front door a little, and then again as i was making my way to the bathroom, more came out (classic key in lock i guess) and there ended up a little puddle in front of the toilet, though i can’t say that was 100% accidental ;)))

*002*2019-05-05 17:44

{{30 minutes ago, Fan_Nilicker said:

An invigorating story, well done

}}

Thank you!! (and i’ll be sure to share more in the future ;))

*004*2019-05-06 14:28

{{17 hours ago, wettingman said:

Welcome to Omorashi littlerush. I really enjoyed your first desperation and wetting story. I was well written and contained the rich details I crave.

I hope you have more stories to share.

}}

Thank you — i’m so glad you liked it! the details are the best bit imo ;))

*007*2019-05-06 18:15

{{3 hours ago, homeanddry said:

I love it. You’ve described the whole experience really well - great writing. It’s a great scenario anyway, over-estimating your holding ability for the long walk (or cycle!) home. Thanks for sharing!

}}

{{1 minute ago, Polkadotpuddle said:

Such an awesome description!

}}

Thank you guys <33

*011*2019-05-07 00:45

{{1 hour ago, BlueWetter said:

What a wonderful first experience post! Was very exciting to read..

}}

{{20 minutes ago, jrs1989 said:

This is a very, very, very good story.

}}

Thank you guys :))

*014*2019-05-07 17:09

{{10 hours ago, mastert said:

Awesome. Did you keep your thong on for long after?

}}

Obviously all the way home, then i kept it on while i got ready for bed

{{7 hours ago, liesjeversteven said:

Lovely story, and welcome!

}}

Thank you! everyone is being so kind <33

