Most UNWANTED wettings!... your experiences

Author: magic

*000*2018-02-23 02:14

Hi all, while i believe everyone here loves wetting or seeing wetting, but we all know there have been times for most of us, where we may have had an "unwanted" wetting, kind of the type where you were in no position to change, couldn't face the embarrassment of it... for instance, at work, out with a relative, or a new lover... etc....basically you actually tried EVERYTHING in your power to not do it.

In my case, i was coming home from a gig, and had a long ride home, hadn't gone to the bathroom, but figured no prob... only 1.5 hours home, and i wasn't burstiing. Well... it was a very foggy nite in upstate and was barely able to see more than 3 car lengths so late at nite, but doing about 30 mph, in a 60 zone. just doubled the ride time. About 2 hours in, i was cruising on the Parkway, when the urge suddenly hit me really hard. I was going to pull over but it was soft shoulder and there was a car matching my speed for the last mile or so. I was suspicious was a State Trooper. I dared not pull over, since i expected to be asked why i was pulling over, and i did have a few beers. Not enough for DUI, but didnt need that hassle.

Also, can't pull over to pee, or you get ticket. so i kept driving, looking for first exit. i am now really bursting, to the point i have my zipper opened and i am going to get off exit and pull over and pee. I finally saw an exit, got off, police car did not follow, i pulled into a parking lot but i couldnt stop the car fast enough, i started pissing my briefs before i could pull it out. I wet enough that my front of jeans were soaked, and now i was going home ...and if my wife was up, she'd definately see it. She knows i like to see peeing and has done it for me, but i have done it and it didnt go over well for her. NOT into it... almost to the point of embarrassing me. (if only she knew how hot i find it!)... so i basically had to turn the heat up all the way in the car..... to try to dry my jeans as much as i could before i got home.

I went unnoticed.... and in retrospect, i should have peed myself cause it would have felt so good. But this was one of those wettings that was unintentional, unplanned, NOT fun at the time, but now... heheheh..... i wish i wasnt so worried about her... and just went with the flow.... lol... i peed about this much.............

$$

