The bad side of having a strong bladder

Author: Ely

*000*2017-10-22 21:22

I have no memories of wetting myself. I stopped wearing diapers (day and night) at an early age, when I was 2 so I can't remember any accident. As a child, I was very shy and never asked for the restroom but somehow always made it in time. Maybe because I used to be very proud and wetting myself would have been a huge humilation.That's probably why I have ridiculously strong bladder muscles.

So, the last time I remember being really desperate was when I was 16. I was in Vietnam with my family, in summer, it was very hot. I didn't remember how much I drank before leaving the hotel, didn't care since we were going to the restaurant. I probably just went to the bathroom in the morning around AM. I was offered some Coca cola, happily drank 3 bottles during the meal and then looked for the toilet. Which restaurant did not have some ? This one apparently. I couldn't see any door and was still too shy to ask. I had to pee pretty badly but we were going to my family's home anyway. I was going to see my mom's new home for the first time ! Little did I know that we had more than an hour on the road because of the slow traffic and the bad road ! I had a very fast metabolism and my bladder was filling at an incredible speed ! I was used to hold on but this was another level ! 

My urge jumped from 7 to 9,5 in a few minutes. The pain became terrible. I was in agony. Every bump (and there were a lot) felt like a knife stabbing my belly. For the first time in my life I wanted to pee myself. I did not fear embarassment anymore. But to my surprise, even when I relaxed my muscles, trying to leak to relieve myself, nothing came off. I forced a bit, but it was useless. I guess I was so conditioned to not pee in public that my sphyncter was locked. I started crying in pain. I could'nt even breathe normally. All my organs were screaming. After around 45min of hell, we finally arrived and my mom helped me walk to the toiled (my back hurted so badly I could'nt walk on my own) where I peed for the longest time in my life, heart racing like crazy !

We spent a total of 1h50 on the road.

Almost 2 hours of nightmare and my underwear were still dry ? I really want to lose control and leak but there's no way I'm going through this again !!!

I suffered from denutrition that affected my puberty. My pelvic bones are still those of a 11 years old child, and my organs are smaller than average but still too big sometimes ( I'm not getting into details but you get the idea ). That's why I look pregnant when holding because my whole belly expands to make room for my bladder and it's kinda funny !I had some X ray whith other specific exams when I was 20 and started getting bladder and kidneys infections. They didn't find the cause of the infections but it turns out my bladder is already taking all the place with 40cL in it (the doctor was surprised), so the huge pain must've come from the other organs being pushed (my stomach was also full). I still get bladder infections (weak immune system) so I don't hold for more than 4-6 hours. I don't want urine to stay too long in my body and don't want my bladder to expand too much.

I have to use some little tricks to get as desperate as I can without suffering too much or risking an infection. I either get drunk and then drink a lot of beer (that was when I lived in Belgium) or I use a special diuretic tea. Obviously, I can't do real holds very often because I don't want to be an alcoholic and because the diuretics could damage my already unsound kidneys. I have blurry memories of leaking a bit in my underwear and peeing outside, on the grass and flowers on New year's Eve when I lost my keys, unfortunatly, I do not remember any detail since I was very drunk, it was almost a miracle that I didn't sleep on the floor and managed to get in my bed !

Most of the time, I'm happy to have a strong reliable bladder but for this specific fetish, it's a bit annoying...

*002*2017-10-25 09:47

{{4 hours ago, 404 NameNotFound said:

Why is this in black highlight?

}}

I don't know it was like this, I tried to edit the text but nothing changed !

*004*2017-10-26 23:45

{{10 minutes ago, provox said:

Thanks for sharing! Your back hurting was likely a sign that your bladder had completely filled and urine backed up your ureters to your kidneys, which can get dangerous. I'm glad you managed to go before doing any serious long term damage.

}}

Yes ! I had several kidney infection 5 years ago (not because of holdind, other issues) and it was seriously painfull ! I do not have any serious long term damage, I just have a higher risk of UTI now so I'm being extra carefull. I could have lost my kidney and was really worried but it seems like they are doing fine for now, my blood test are okay.

*007*2017-10-28 13:51

{{28 minutes ago, Spectator9 said:

I know that some people can hold their pee until they risk damage, so I'm actually glad that I don't have an "iron bladder". I will always start to pee involuntarily before it gets really painful.

}}

I'm not complaining, I'm fine with having a super strong bladder cuz I'm not afraid of wetting myself in public but I'd like to know how it feel to pee involontary ! I'm not into wetting so I'd use a diaper. Just one time would be fine tho. Not promoting alcohol, but I think if I really want to experience it, I'd start at a party with my diaper under my clothes (the idea of wearing one publicy is quite exciting), get drunk and then wait !

{{18 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

I also have an incredibly strong bladder - because if that I’ve necer been able to do a hold, and since potty training I’ve never had an accident. The good part is holding and desperation is not a part of my fetish - I’m just into wetting.

}}

I do some rapid desperation holds sometimes but stop before it becomes painfull. I'm more a watcher so it's not a real issue to me either. I'm not into wetting. Not yet, things can change !

