Desperate and wetting after a Sunday pub session

Author: tisrex

*000*2016-06-28 13:20

I spent most weekends at my girlfriends house where she rented a room to a 20ish girl. Most Sunday lunchtimes in the Summer all three of us would go to a nearby pub and sit in the garden. My girlfriend and I would alternate as who would drive. The lodger did not have a driving licence so she always got a 'free' ride. One particular Sunday we had been out and the lodger and I got 'stuck' into pints whilst my girlfriend drank a couple of shandies. During the drive back to my girlfriends house we got struck in some horrendous traffic. I started to feel the need to pee which over quite a short period of time started to become a bit urgent. As we moved forward in the traffic que I started to feel the car rocking as if someone outside was rocking the car. I looked around to see the lodger in the back bouncing around with her hand placed firmly between her legs holding herself and bouncing on it. She declared that she needed to pee. On seeing this I started to openly hold myself.

After a short time the traffic started to move but our desperation was growing and we both urged my girlfriend to hurry. We arrived at my girlfriends house where the lodger and I quickly got out and ran/hobbled to the front door and waited for my girlfriend to lock the car come and open the front door. The lodger was really desperate with both hands between her legs under her skirt and doing a desperate pee dance. The sight of this was giving me an erection and I could not take my eyes off her. Then pee started to come from between her fingers as she was loosing control of her bladder.

Suddenly she spread her legs, moved her hands upwards away from her crouch and lifting her skirt, exposing her crouch which was now in full flow. She was not wearing any knickers, which I discovered after was not unusual. My erection was now full and I started to pee. Because of my erection the tip of my penis was just at the waistband of my shorts and my pee was making an upward arc. Initially I did not notice that I was peeing as my attention was totally on the sight of the torrent of pee coming from the lodgers exposed crouch. It was only when my girlfriend and the lodgers eyes were looking at the waistband of my shorts that I realised that I was letting go. Once we had stopped peeing my girlfriend unlocked the front door and let us in. My girlfriend almost dragged me up to the bedroom and virtually rapped me as she had been so turned on by everything, That was the start of a great peeing relationship which continued in the garden later that afternoon.

