I think I'd like to have a humiliating accident in public

Author: Coloradowetter

*000*2020-10-15 03:06

I have one of those rare stretches of days where I have more privacy at home than usual. I'm really thinking tomorrow I may do rapid desperation to prepare, and once I'm really struggling to hang on, between 8 and 9 out of 10, hop in the car and drive 45 minutes north to a rest area.

Some of my most embarrassing moments - where all of this almost certainly originated - were losing control in front of others. And while I've wet in public plenty of times, and surely been seen with wet pants obviously having wet myself, losing control and having a full blown accident while rushing toward the toilet with people around is humiliating in a different way.

I've never fully embraced having an accident that people may actually witness unfold, outside of the few genuine accidents I've had. In a weird way, I think I need to willingly experience that humiliation to get over my past traumas.

So I think I may do that tomorrow in gray casual work pants, gray briefs, and a fleece jacket that won't cover nearly enough.

I hope I can muster up the courage!

*and yes, the accident would almost certainly happen outside. No inside cleanup.

*003*2020-10-15 22:26

I think this is a fair thing to bring up, and it's something I have given and continue to give a lot of thought to.

What I would say is this: I would never go up to someone and almost make them acknowledge the fact that I'm wetting myself. I would never (intentionally) wet where someone else would need to clean up after me.

At this point, I'm looking to have a genuine loss of control at a place where people are generally only stopping for a bathroom break. I'm also choosing to put myself in this "predicament" at a highway rest area around 9pm on a workday. Will people be around? Probably. But I think this also shrinks the amount of people likely to be there, and it's even less likely that any children would be around. Also, it is outside.

This isn't something I do flippantly, or often. But I'd like to hear your thoughts, @strokeknight2

...if you fervently disagree, that's okay. But I would like to hear why.

I'm open to changing my plans.

