Frequent distracted holding and squirming in front of the toilet

Author: Erase

*000*2022-01-26 15:05

I tend to like holding when it's inconvenient for me to use the toilet or when I accidentally realize I've been holding without realizing it. I've been staying with relatives for a few days and have been getting busy so I've noticed a few times that I've gotten busy and waited til the last minute to go more than once (not intentionally). If I'm squirming in front of the toilet as I'm trying to lock the door handle my pants and lift the seat it's urgent and I've been there 4 times in the last two days. I drink mindlessly because I have a big bladder and don't hesitate to delay trips to the bathroom if It's inconvenient to go. I remember thinking I gotta go and looking for a bathroom and getting distracted and not going a few times.

That actually happened 3 times yesterday where I really didn't go til it was really urgent. I had to cross my legs once. Something about being in front of the toilet really triggers the urge and that's when you really realize gosh I didn't go when I had the chance like 3 times or uh oh I can't hold it toilet now! I can usually wait past the uh oh phase but it's 10 times harder when in front of a toilet. I think my brain knows I pass up opportunities to go and wants to make sure it gets emptied if I'm close to a toilet.

First time I sat down knowing I really had to go but didn't wanna be rude and was helping with something. Stayed sitting really needing to go for a few hours. Got up after I had to cross my legs to hold it. Next time I knew I needed to go and was scouting out places to go in a store but got distracted and didn't get to go for another few hours when I got back where I'm staying. Third time I was having dinner drinking water and socializing and didn't realize how badly I needed to go or how long I had waited. There was a kitty that kept rubbing up against my legs as I was squirming trying to get to the toilet. I made it all 3 times but I am a bit absent headed about making sure I go when I gotta go lol.

*005*2022-01-31 11:02

{{On 1/27/2022 at 1:06 AM, holdit247 said:

Oh how I'd like to be your relatives! Enjoy the rest of your trip - and the journey home could be eventful too?

}}

Less eventful than the last one. I happened to look for a bathroom someplace I didn't normally stop. Asked a really nice guy at a rest area. He noticed me squirming and looking. He gave me the bathroom key and directions. The bathroom was outside thankfully. Didn't get caught short.

{{On 1/27/2022 at 5:16 PM, Shoshana said:

There are just times when we're too busy or too distracted to get up and pee. There's no rule that says go to the toilet when you're at a 5 or less.

}}

Sometimes I wish someone would remind me. I really don't mean to hold sometimes. It just happens when you get busy and you don't realize til you can't wait anymore.

I really gotta go RN if I'm honest *blushes* fell asleep before going potty and I'm trying to hold it.

*006*2022-01-31 11:19

{{On 1/27/2022 at 5:16 PM, Shoshana said:

There are just times when we're too busy or too distracted to get up and pee. There's no rule that says go to the toilet when you're at a 5 or less.

}}

Agreed. I'll start thinking about going around a 5 but if I get distracted I'll wait til I'm at an 8 easily and not realize I put it off until I'm rushing to the toilet. XD. Bladders are funny. My first accident as a kid was because I got distracted and wanted to finish something before running to the bathroom. It isn't always something to put off but I hold much better now than I did then.

*007*2022-01-31 11:24

{{On 1/26/2022 at 8:11 AM, fabric5 said:

Yeah it really is harder to hold it in front of the toilet, like a real struggle if I'm desperate! Hard holding in front of the front door to my house too. I've lost a few spurts into my pants that way, especially coming home from the pub! I've had some very close calls that way.

}}

I was drinking last night and just woke up. I really gotta go RN if I'm honest. Thinking about holding for a little longer. Not sure if I can go back to sleep but definitely thinking about downing a bunch of water and waiting before using the toilet even though it's a little urgent.

*008*2022-01-31 12:33

I'm super full rn. I don't know how much longer I can wait. Can't quit squirming. Was holding by accident until about 30 minutes ago and now it's really really urgent. Posting in live action omorashi. I can't stay still now.

*010*2022-02-01 09:33

{{7 hours ago, Shoshana said:

Alcohol encourages me to extend my wait time. The need to pee seems less real when I'm drunk. It's just another of those fuzzy feelings I'm feeling.

}}

Definitely, I just don't notice how full I am XD when I've had a few too many drinks.

