Re-Wetting and letting it dry

Author: Basil Ferret

*000*2022-03-12 09:31

So tonight I tried something new... It may or may not have been influenced by a particular cutie I've seen on here, but heres a rundown.

To set the scene; I had initially gone into the bathroom to do my business, then shower, no WS or OMO was a thought. That is, until I pulled my jeans down and saw a particularly nice pair of boxer briefs adorning me. So, I went about my business, then instead of taking the underwear off, I pulled them right back up, nice and snug. I always keep a mug or other cup in the bathroom (maybe a bit weird but who cares?) just for occasions like this one. I started drinking and listening to music, just generally enjoying myself. About 30 minutes (and like 8 cups of water) later I was feeling it. As much as I wanted to do a long hold, it was two thirty in the morning (Now 4 as Im writing) and I didnt feel like it. However, I had already committed to the undie flooding, so I hop in and record it for the boyfriend and twitter.

Then it happens; I release a majority of the water I had just drank. The rushing sensation of warmth running down my legs and wrapping its way around my entire crotch get me incredibly turned on. Then I edge myself through my soaked apparel, but of course, my boyfriend is the dominant type, so he put me on a week of no cumming. which is pretty difficult if you're as hyper sexual as I am. But I bring myself to edge, and let myself cool off; I do this a few times, each time trying my hardest not to disobey my boyfriend. After I'm sufficiently flustered and soaked, I turn on the shower, undies and all.

The shower is nice and warm, I make some attempt to clean them while still on me (Body wash and groping lol) and eventually take them off for just long enough to properly wash myself off. But then, I feel the familiar twinge in my bladder; I need to go again. I frantically grasp the underwear, which were by this point only damp from me wringing them of soap, and pull them back on, taking care to not get them wet again. Almost immediately after getting them up, I release. The warm (well cool, by comparison to the hot shower) liquid fills the boxers the same way, driving me close to climax alone. Some edging later and im shaking, trying to make sure the only things coming out of me are pee and moans.

A second washing does the undies well and I put them aside, away from anything that would get them properly wet for a third time. After i finish in the shower, I give them a more thorough wringing and hit them with the hair dryer while I do my hair. I intentionally left them just a bit damp as they were cleaned well enough that they didn't smell like theyd been used. I pull them back on and the dampness, mixed with the warm from the hair dryer was incredible. I edged a bit more, getting even closer to climax, but i refused to.

That brings us to now; I'm sitting at my desk, a towel under me and my now mostly dry underwear, and debating whether I go back into the bathroom or stay here. The sensation of needing to go is creeping back, but surely by the third impulse with no drinks after the aforementioned numerous cups of water I can't pee that much; right... right?

*001*2022-03-12 09:49

A lil followup to that last paragraph – It was so much more than I expected!~ Thankfully I've got cleaning supplies cause my chair got a nice dousing~ and I got a really good video~

If you ask nicely I might even post it!~

*002*2022-03-12 10:24

One final bit before I clean up and go to bed; I wet them a 4th time and nearly came without even touching~ Thank fuck I've got so many towels and a blanket that I can wash~

*003*2022-03-12 12:16

Okay now for the real final bit – I wet those undies a total of 5 times. Nearly climaxed numerous times, and did manage to get a bit of sleep in with the wet undies. All in all, a good time!~

*004*2022-03-13 06:16

Oh! I completely forgot! Heres a link to a couple of the videos!~

$/75382-male-femboy-wets-himself-twice-at-his-desk/#comment-1959528

