My Ex Girlfriend Jamie

Author: dividi

*000*2020-06-09 08:55

Hi all together!

After a long time of silent reading and watching i would like to give back some of my experiences. Please excuse my bad english due to i am not a native speaker.

I'd like to start with a short first story - depending on how you all like the story i will add some more, cause there is a lot more to tell

So how it all started: My first real relationship (not just on and off) was round about 6 years long. All of a sudden she left me while she was doing a semester abroad. (New Zealand)

I was really depressed for some weeks but somehow managed to get over it. A friend of mine used an App called "lovoo" on his smartphone - he showed me that he got quiet some nice "matches".. Well i just gave it a try and quickly managed to find a nice girl (lets call her Jamie). We wrote quiet a long time until we first met. I was quiet nervous.. maybe she was not the girl on the photos? Maybe a very ugly person or whatsoever. So i met her at the train station and she just looked like on the photos. round about 1.65 cm high, very small person and very hot clothes.

I drove around with her for some time and we moved to the beach. She gave me the first kiss in my car at the beach. I was out of my mind and very confused.. i am usually not that type of guy that kisses on the first date.. but there was no chance to resist

We stayed on the beach until the sun set. After that we moved back to my flat where we kissed on my bad for hours on. Round about 23:00 (11PM) I said, that it might be time that i drive her home (she had no car at this point) so we did even though it was pretty hard. As a omo fetish guy i was quiet impressed, that she doesnt use the toilet for almost 9 hours now... but well i did not think any further at this point.

We talked a lot on the way to her home and she guided me trough the night. As we finally arrived at her flat she left my car, came to my windows again and gave me a goodbye kiss. I left with my heart full of joy.

What I missed after she left the car:

She was holding for over 9,5h already. As she told me some month later, she was already holding it when she was at my flat. She just doesnt want to quit kissing or ruin the atmosphere when she would have moved to the toilet. She was already leaking quiet a bit when we arrived at her home - that might be the reason she jumped out of the car quickly and did not kiss me inside the car.

She managed to get to the first door and also opened it. But the second door is kind of crazy - on some days the door just opens on first try - sadly this time (or luckyly?) the door did not open this time - not even on second or third time. Well for Jamie there was no more time left - she felt that her bladder gave up and she was standing in front of the second door fully pissing herself. There was so much in her, that her shoes were also fully soaked.

As always - right after she complete pissed herself, the door opened... She managed to get to the toilet (where the washing mashine was) without beeing noticed by anyone.

She wrote me, that the day was awesome and we really need to see each other again. She did not wrote anything about her "little" Accident.

How those things evolved - well thats something for another story.. If you like?

Cheers

*004*2020-06-15 13:18

Oh man what have i done

A bit of confusion.. yes she was round about 1.65m 165cm or whatever What i wanted to say with my "small" Sentence - her weight was also "small"

Next Story will come soon

