My Friend Desperate on the Bus

Author: SuperFlux

*000*2017-03-12 12:38

Hello all, I am new to the site and this is my first post.

I am posting in General because I am not sure whether the "Wetting Experiences" allows desperation.

###

A few days ago, we were on an overnight school trip to Quebec. On the way back to Toronto however, things got more interesting.

I sat on the isle seat, and so did my friend across from me. Let's call him Scott. I was sitting there listening to music when absentmindedly, I heard him whispering that he needed to go to the bathroom to the person next to him. The person next to him said that he should just go to the loo in the back of the bus. However, Scott said that there was a particular person blocking him from entering the bathroom. I felt bad for him, but I looked toward him that his legs were bouncing up and down rapidly and he was grabbing his crotch every few seconds. He asked me how much longer, I checked the maps and told him a discouraging 30 minutes were left.

Scott sat there desperate for the rest of the trip. On return, he was so elated to have finally arrived at the school. However, the teachers needed to talk to all of us, talking about the good trip we had. When done, Scott ran out the bus door and toward the school. But what he didn't know was during the teacher's talk, one of our teachers mentioned that we needed 4 people to come out and unload the bus first. He happened to be one of them. This meant that he wasn't the first one free, but one of the last.

In desperation, he pulled out a bag and casually dug his crotch into his bag. He struggled to do his job as an unloader.

When all the bags were finally unloaded, he ran into the school and towards the washroom. I followed him because I had to pee pretty badly myself. However, when I was done he was still peeing strong. I left the bathroom after to not be suspicious.

###

Positive Feedback is very helpful, as this is my first post.

SuperFlux.

*003*2017-03-12 22:30

{{5 hours ago, KozmoFox said:

For future reference, this is the sort of thing that would go in the experiences forum, so I went ahead and moved it for you. :)

You're not a bad writer, keep up the good work!

}}

Thank you for your feedback.

*004*2017-03-12 22:39

{{50 minutes ago, Fred46888 said:

Not everyone is comfortable using the onboard toilet on a bus, and it was worse for Scott because apparently someone on the trip was bullying him. You might consider giving him some friendship. I'm glad that the report had a happy ending!

From my experience, teens usually can hold their pee longer than they think they can. The bladder is pretty flexible at that age.

}}

All good, apparently the person who was blocking him from entering the bathroom as a joke and he did not know how serious the situation was.

