Best Day Ever

Author: Crazycoon12

*000*2011-04-27 06:47

Ok this is so surreal. I'm not even sure how to explain this. I just feel a strong need to share this with you guys while it's fresh in my mind. I've mentioned before about a girl I know who I managed to get into this fetish. She loved holding her pee for me and we would talk on the phone about it all the time. Well something amazing happened the other day. As I warning this is graphic as it involved the two of us fooling around, naked in the shower. There's no sex, but it does get very descriptive about what DOES happen.

Now I've known this girl for nearly three years and began fooling around with her over the past year, but I never expected to get her into my fetish so easily. One day I'll explain how I did it, but that's not what this is about right now.

Yesterday she came to visit me in college, so naturally we fooled around a bit. Now one of these times we had been laying in my bed naked (no sex had occurred because I decided I didn't want to have it...yet anyway) and we had finished our fooling around so I got dressed because I had a class to go to in an hour or so. She continued laying in bed and eventually I sat next to her and talked to her about stuff. I ended up laying beside her again, and then she told me that she needed to pee.

Over the past month she something had happened, It's a bit complicated, and maybe I'll explain it better some other time, but the main thing to know is that we had stopped doing what we referred to as "Our thing" and she was very adamant about it staying that way. To be brief, we had always done our thing over the phone, never in person. This is still enjoyable, and I considered myself lucky for it, but soon she became worried that the fetish was consuming our relationship, and she stopped doing it. We had never done it in person because I barely got to see her, but now she would hardly talk about it and she'd get annoyed whenever a brought it up. Us not being in an ACTUAL relationship also contributed to her reluctance.

Well now you can imagine my surprise when I start talking to her when she tells me she needs to pee, and she seems set on holding it for me. She was laying there with me next to her, naked and squirming, in my bed. I can say I was DEFINITELY back in the mood again.

I couldn't believe my luck, and I placed my hand on her stomach and she grabbed it and moved it to her swollen bladder which I proceeded to press and massage gently. She was going nuts, crossing her legs and grabbing her crotch to prevent herself from leaking.

Eventually we decided that we should go into the shower together. So she got dressed, which was very entertaining to watch, and we left my dorm room. Just so you all now I live in an on campus dorm with a community style bathroom for my floor and side of the building, so I had to sneak her in the guy's bathroom to shower with me. This was easy enough, but it also meant we couldn't be too loud in the shower.

We got undressed together and I turned the water on in the shower (there are two separate curtained compartments for changing and showering). She was rocking back in forth trying to hold in her pee now, obviously really desperate. We slowly ease our way into the warm water and she started whispering to me how badly it was making her need to pee even worse. We were grinding on each other and I pressed myself against her and her bladder to make her urge worse. We continued in this way for a few minutes.

Eventually she got to a point where her desperation was nearly too much. She told me it was getting bad so I grabbed her and held her in front of me (with her back to me) and reached down her front so that my hand was between her legs holding her. She began squeezing her legs together using my hand to keep her from losing control.

A few more minutes of this and she finally told me that she wasn't going to be able to hold it much longer. She then asked me to do the one thing she had always wanted me to do when she was desperate, pee on her. I was perfectly happy to do so, though golden showers didn't do much for me, knowing it would make her SO much more desperate did.

I dunno if any of you guys ever tried peeing when your hard, but it's...well hard, especially when the water from the shower is distracting you. I had trouble keeping a continuous flow, but I managed it a little bit. She directed my pee on to her pussy and bladder and even started cupping my pee to rub on her bladder. The whole time she was standing in front of me with one of her hands buried firmly in her crotch, legs crossed, while the other directed my dick and rubbed my pee on her body.

I was surprised she managed to hold out so long, and she then had started to grab me and give me a handjob. Eventually she stopped and crouched down, I knew she wouldn't last much longer. I asked her if she wanted me to do anything before she peed and she asked me to cum on her. I was already VERY close to finishing anyway, so I obliged. After a few seconds of quickly tugging myself I finished and started cumming all over her. Immediately she told me she was peeing and I looked down to see a stream of her pee coming out. As I finished cumming (which felt absolutely amazing) I crouched down next to her and began to massage her clit while she peed. The second she stopped peeing she finished, hard, and gripped me close and tight as she did so.

After all was done we just embraced in the shower for a few minutes before getting dressed and getting out. It was such a surreal feeling afterwords. I still can't believe it happened. The best part is she's much more willing to talk about it again, and she also said she LOVED doing it for me in person.

Truthfully there are better ways I can imagine her being desperate for me, especially those involving clothes, but she's told me those will happen soon enough. I can't wait for it now.

*002*2011-04-27 21:34

Lol, Maybe I over exaggerated. It was kinda late and I was tired when I was writing it. I'll be sure to include some more stories when they happen, as long as she's fine with me posting them here, I don't think she's going to mind though. I'll also be continuing my other thread about my past experiences soon. Likely not today though, finals are killing me!

She's planning on staying the night with me this Friday. She's already told me some plans for it. Can't wait! ;)

*004*2011-04-29 06:04

She's wet with clothes on before, but not in person. We would have done so last time, but she had nothing else to wear, and she decided not to wear panties (she goes commando often) so doing it in just panties was out too.

This time she'll have clothes on though. Haven't decided if it'll just be panties or jeans or something else. Guess we'll see, but I'll be sure to tell you guys what happened, probably on Sunday.

*006*2011-05-06 06:35

First things first, I most apologize for being so late in replying. I've had finals all week and I'm finally out for the summer. But basically I haven't had the time to write about what happened last weekend. Best thing to note first was that she stayed for TWO NIGHTS. Quite a great weekend. So I have two stories to tell that are Omo related in some way. The first one started off as an innocent walk to taco bell. The second is a bit similar to my original story, but I'll recount it anyway. I'll keep the same warning here as the last one. Just in case, but I doubt it'll be much worse. So let's begin.

So she arrived at the college late afternoon, wearing a cute blue blouse and khaki shorts(very short). Being late in the afternoon we were a bit hungry. I decided it would be an interesting idea to walk to Taco Bell. It was about a mile off campus and usually took around a half hour to walk off campus and out to the Taco Bell, depending on your pace. She said it sounded good to her, but first she asked me for a razor. It turned out she had forgotten to shave her upper left thigh and, thus, wanted to shave it before going. So we went to my dorm and got a razor and went to go use it. Before she went in though I made sure to whisper in her ear that I didn't want here doing ANYTHING in that bathroom except shaving her leg.

She looked coyly at me asking, well what if I have to pee? And I told her she wasn't aloud to. She smiled at me and gave me a nice big kiss. then she walked into the bathroom. A few minutes later she came out and gave me the razor back, thanking me for it. She made a comment about the warm water from the shower had made her need to go a bit, but she was alright now.

So we started walking to Taco Bell, stopping constantly because she honestly can never keep her hands off me. We don't see each other much so seeing each other twice in one week was a huge treat. So we were slowly making our way to taco bell and she keeps trying to turn me on the whole way. Of course she is WAY worse at controlling herself when she's turned on than I am. So I teased her back enough so that she was REAL aroused. I'm surprised she didn't rip of my clothes and fuck me right there. It was a lot of fun grabbing at her ass and slowly rubbing my hand up from between her legs. She was going nuts. And the best part was we were doing this while walking down a decently busy road. Discretely of course.

So eventually we made it to Taco Bell and I got us both food. It was quite delicious, any one who hasn't tried the 89 cent Double Decker taco yet, should. So good, must have eaten like four. I guess that only applies if you like Taco Bell though. After we finished I was thirsty so I got myself a water cup and got water. I started drinking it and then offered some to her. She declined it. I started noticing she was swaying her legs a bit. She didn't appear desperate, but I knew how good she was at hiding it, and she loves to hide it just so she can suddenly spring it on me.

Noticing this I became insistent that she should have some. I told her there was a nice spot I wanted to show her called the "Pink Place" as me and a few friends had dubbed it, and that she could use some water to stay hydrated. She finally agreed and drank most of the water. I made sure to fill it up again before leaving and then we left the Taco Bell.

Now the "Pink Place" was this little complex with some knick knack stores and a Thai Place. This place came to mind because it has a nice little corridor between some stores and the Thai place that leads to a dark and usually deserted parking lot behind the complex. I knew that was the best and closet place to do anything outdoors.

Off we went on our excursion, as before, except I was continuously getting her to drink a little water. This place was about another mile or so down the road so it was going to take a bit. After a few minutes of walking, she started asking if we were clothes. When I told her it was a bit of a ways away she groaned and began sounding impatient. I knew she was starting to get real desperate and was having trouble hiding it.

We kept on walking and joking around the whole way, having one of our usual stupid conversations. A few times I caught her bend over slightly or cross her legs if she laughed, but I never mentioned noticing anything. We continued and she began getting more and more impatient. I even bought up an idea about going even farther so we could go near this river that was nearby. It was quite a pretty view from there, but she declined it after awhile deciding it was too far. She kept saying she was too tired to walk too far and just wanted to hurry and get to the place I told her about.

Eventually we made it, and it was quite dark by now, almost midnight. The Thai place was still open though, with a few cars parked out front. Music could be heard from it, some interesting jazz. I walked her down to the corridor and we sat on a bench listening to the music, holding each other, and making out. Eventually the music stopped and I looked around. Down the corridor was the dark parking lot I mentioned and I asked if maybe she wanted to go in that direction, where it was quieter and more secluded.

At this she seemed all too eager and said she'd love to. Now's when I finally confronted her, asking why she was so eager all of a sudden. Here's where she finally admitted that she needed to pee. Really badly. To emphasize this she crossed her legs, grabbed at her crotch (sighing with relief as she did so) and took my other hand so I could feel how big her bladder was. I asked her how long she had needed to go and she said she had needed to since we had left the bathroom when she shaved. That was nearly three hours before by now.

So I helped her up and walked her over to the parking lot where we sat down and discussed what we were gonna do. I mentioned that she hadn't brought her change of clothes, but she decided that she would just wet her panties and toss them.I started of by teasing her bladder, rubbing it and squeezing it. Intensifying her need, she finally started crossing her legs and grabbing her crotch to hold it in. Her legs bent to keep her close to the ground. After a little bit I told her to stand up straight, legs apart, and don;t move. She started to, but immediately said that she needed to take her shorts off. So she did.

Underneath were a pair of black panties with pink laces. Very sexy as it conformed to the shape of her cute but and currently bulging bladder. She once again assumed the position as described with her hands at her side, trying so hard not to grab herself and insisting that she was so desperate to pee, she was afraid she might leak. I walked around the side of her and began toying with her bladder. I rubbed it and squeezed it, and even came around front to push my body against hers. This not only increased her need and arousal, but it helped show her how hard I was, and my dick is perfectly level with her bladder, allowing me to press it right against her.

So we continued like this for a while, and eventually she was begging me to pee on her, good thing I hadn't peed most of the day. So I dropped my pants and boxers and brought out my dick. I pressed it up against her to get her going some more, than told her to hold still. It took a lot of effort, but I managed to get a few streams out, stopping occasionally and refocusing to continue. I peed all over her bladder and panties. They were soaked with my pee, which made her need to go so much more. She was moaning and whimpering, both from arousal and desperation. I started to rub her through her panties and she was loving it. She was begging me to let her pee but I kept telling her not to let out a drop.

Soon I reached underneath her panties and started to gently finger her clit. Soon I was slowly inserting one finger in her pussy. I was allowing her to cross her legs and grab her self again, so she was taking the opportunity to shove my hand in her crotch to keep her from peeing. I was taking the opportunity to tease her while my finger was in there. Her muscles were clenched hard in an attempt to hold it all in. I was jerking myself off while slowly prying into her pussy. I began fingering her, all the while she was telling me how desperate she was. Eventually I felt a small spasm and warm liquid hit my finger. She told me she was starting to leak, so I pressed further. She was moaning and squeezing hard and I felt her muscles finally give up as I fingered her to orgasm.

She started cumming and then peeing HARD. I finished the second I felt her peeing on my hand and I felt shock waves through my body, I had never finished so hard in my life. She stood there being for nearly a minute before stopping. She was still moaning softly as both of us stood, practically naked in the parking lot. She slowly peeled off her panties and through them in a bush. I then ran and got the water cup to wash off my cum and pee off her. The two of us smelled of pee, though we didn't care, Just an excuse to shower when we got back.

We got dressed, made out some more, and left to go back. The way back was similar to the way there. Nothing very interesting happened the rest of the night, except that we slept naked together in my body.

It's a bit late now, so I think I'll save the next story for another time. Let me know what everyone thinks about this story, I feel like I'm not doing the best job telling it, but I'm just not confident in my writing I suppose !



