The Long Drive Home

Author: ArtyKirkland

*000*2012-06-08 20:36

Okay, so this is the first wetting experience I've had. At least, the first one I can remember. This is actually my first time writing omo, so bear with me here.

I was out shopping at Target with my mom, being the usual pain-in-the-butt I always was. Being a very hyper cchild, I needed constant attention or else I would immediately get bored and start having a tantrum. Now, this was always trouble for parents. They never wanted to gain attention to themselves whenever their child was throwing a tantrum in a public place because it was such an embarrassing experience. But, because my mom was so busy with shopping, she couldn't stop to play with me at all. So, in order to keep me occupied, she went and bought me a bag of popcorn and a cup of soda at the food court. This actually managed to keep me happy the whole time we were there.

By the time we had finished shopping, I had just finished my popcorn and my soda. My mom pushed our shopping cart by the restrooms and told me she had to go and to watch the cart. I just nodded and stood there, contemplating whether I should go or not. But, once I began to feel a small pressure building in my bladder, my mom walked out. I wanted to speak up and say that I had to go, but it seemed like such a hassle to go then after I had missed my chance to go with my mom. Plus, at that age, I was very shy when it came to asking to use the restroom. Seeing as though we had already started making our way towards the car, I figured I would just hold it until we got home.

Little did I realize, back then I lived in a house that was very secluded from the shopping centers. A one way trip from Target to my house took at least one hour. I remember it was always a big hassle for my mom. Even if we wanted groceries, the drive would have been at least 30 minutes or so. But, because I always though car rides were fun, I always imagined them to be only about 10-15 minutes long.

Now, the car ride started out just fine. My mom popped an Elmo tape into the tape player and I was just having a ball. That only seemed to last as long as the music. I swear, once the tape was finished, I felt a sharp pain in my bladder. I forgot that I still had to go! The ache was terrible. It was like I had a rock hard water balloon inside me that would pop if I so much as poked it. In order to relieve the pain, I sat "Indian style" in my car seat which surprisingly seemed to have actually helped a bit but not enough to my liking. It then got very quiet in the car... I was too concentrated on my predicament to do any giggling, yelling, or any noise whatsoever. I noticed this and began to panic; if my mom began to realize the silence in the car, she may grow suspicious and figure out just how desperate I was and I surely did not want that happening. Luckily, she didn't seem to notice at all throughout the drive. Perhaps she thought I feel asleep or something...

I frantically looked out the windows, rocking back and forth, searching for landmarks outside that signaled we were close to home. Sadly, I found none and my little bladder just couldn't bear to hold any more liquid. I had both hands grabbing myself as I bounced around in my seat, crossing and recrossing my legs. I simply couldn't hold it anymore! It was then that I began to formulate a plan. I thought if I let a little out, it would give myself a little relief and it would give me a better chance at holding the rest until I got home. What could go wrong? Holding myself as tight as I could, I slowly leaned to the side so I could see what my mom was doing. I had to make sure she didn't have me in her sights.

Seeing as though she was just watching the road, I leaned back into my seat and relaxed my muscles a bit, letting out a small stream into my pants. Oh, how it felt so much better to let a bit out. I quickly tightened up once more to the best of my abilities to stop the flow and opened my legs up to check the damage. From what I can remember, I didn't see any spots on my jeans! Wow! I had magic jeans that didn't show any pee stains! Lucky me! But the truth is, my jeans were either too dark to tell, or I had a stain forming by my butt, which was too hard to see in the position I was in. I let another small spurt, checked again, and there was still nothing. My plan was actually working! All I had to do was keep letting out small leaks throughout the rest of the car ride and I should be fine, right?

Well, once I felt comfortable again, I continued to sit silently in the car. I no longer had to hold myself anymore, but I kept my legs crossed tight. Now, I was sure my mom had noticed me at this point. I saw her looking at me through one of the mirrors, which caused me to tense up. I hoped it wasn't too obvious that I had to pee. I had my legs crossed in the most casual way possible and I tried my best to keep myself from bouncing in my seat. I'm pretty sure my mom could tell I was upset about something, though.

She smiled at me and reached her hand back to give me a playful pinch. Much to my dismay, she grabbed my butt and gave it a squeeze. I certainly didn't see that coming! I let out a small leak in surprise and smacked her hand away; I was scared that she may have felt a dampness in my pants. Apparently, she did not because she didn't say anything to me after that. I'm guessing she just thought I was cranky and decided to leave me alone. Oh, thank goodness. I surely dodged a bullet that time. But, the stress was really doing a number on my bladder, so I let out yet another stream to ease the pain.

After about 15 minutes of constantly letting out small leaks of pee, my bladder began to ache terribly. I had reached the point where leaks simply weren't enough; my bladder was begging for complete relief. But, I was still iffy about letting it all out at once. Sure, I still couldn't see a spot on my pants, but I had just been letting out small leaks. I was afraid if I had just let go, a spot would surely show up. I decided against it, but instead I let out another small leak. But, it turned out to be a not so small leak. I had accidentally let out a medium sized gush into my pants, and I quickly through my hands down to my crotch to stop it but to no avail.

I was no longer able to stop the flow, my muscles were simply too tired to go on. I was actually full-on wetting myself at this point. But, I didn't seem to care... I opened my legs a bit and began to relax my body in an attempt to at least slow down the flow a bit. The last thing I wanted to that annoying hissing noise to start up while my mom was right there. I could feel the warmth growing in my seat; my butt was definitely wet at this point. Then, I could feel it traveling down the back of my legs, but it managed to drip off before it got down into my shoes.

I sat leaning back into my seat for awhile, just enjoying the pleasured daze I was in. I had never held in so much pee before in my life, and it felt so much better to just let it all go. The feeling of relief was a whole new feeling to me and as good as it felt, it was also exhausting. I had to will myself to stay awake to make sure my mom didn't look back to see I had wet myself.

After a great amount of time had passed, we finally made it back home. I jumped out of the car and faced my mom so that she could only see my front. Lucky for me, the stain was mainly on the back of my pants. I looked back to check on my car seat and the stain looked pretty unnoticeable at this point. I suppose I was in the car long enough after my accident to let it dry a bit. I walked into the house behind my mom, planning to make my escape upstairs and into my bedroom so I could change, but I was greeted by my dad who was setting at the kitchen table. At this point I was stuck. I had to turn a corner in order to get to the stairs, but my dad was looking right at me. He would see my pants for sure. So, I just put on a sweet face and just stood there, waiting for a moment when he'd get up or at least look away.

But, that surely didn't happen. I can't remember why but my mom's mood completely changed when she walked through the door. She was pissed about something that happened at the store, or maybe it was the traffic. Either way, I was terrified. If she caught me while in that mood, I'd get a spanking for sure. I continued to stand there, hands behind my back, a sweet smile on my face until my dad did something that really set me off. In order to get my oh-so-angry mother off his back, he stared at me for awhile and said in a very blunt manner, "Looks like [insert my name here] wet herself." I had no idea how he found out. Perhaps there was a small stain in the front of my pants that he noticed..But, long story short. My mom was mad, she sent me to my room, I was sad. The end. </3

It's funny how I managed to get away with it so well up to the last moment... Oh well. Can't get away with it every time I suppose. I'm also surprised I was able to stop myself from peeing so well. .__. I know I can't do that anymore. This also turned out shorter than I expected...But hey, it happened when I was, like, 7. I don't remember every single detail. But oh well~ That was fun. I hope I'll be able to write more omo stories in the future. I'm diggin' this. <3

*002*2012-06-08 21:03

{{:

Fantastic story, hope to bear more from you soon. That relaxing feeling as younlet it out is the best, isnt it. Hope you didnt get into to much trouble.

}}

Aww, thank you!

And no, not too much trouble. I just got yelled at a lot...and wallowed in self pity in my room for awhile...

*004*2012-06-08 21:17

{{:

Did you wet alot as a kid?

}}

Only in bed.

This story was pretty much the only time I've wet myself outside of home.

*006*2012-06-08 22:22

{{:

A really good story - hopefully you'll have many more to share :)

Have you wet yourself much at home?

}}

Thank yooou.

Only when I was little, mainly in bed.

