A little bet

Author: TheGiantDiaper

*000*2020-07-03 02:06

This is a somewhat older story but its still good:

"I have a little bet. Lets go for a walk in the park and get some fresh air..." He said, and before I could ask what part of that was a bet, he added, "And we stay in the park till one of us pees. No bathroom breaks allowed."

There was no way I was turning down that offer, so I got up, grabbed my shoes, and off we went to the park. On the way there, I regretted not having taken a piss before leaving. By the time we made it to the park I was already squirming a bit. My boyfriend, on the ohter hand, was enjoying the view of me squirming, obviously. I could already tell this wasn't gonna end well for me.

We walked around for about half an hour, my urge getting continually worse. And not being the fittest person in the world, I was gettingwinded pretty quickly too. Soon he offered that we take a seat to lt me catch my breath. I looked around.

"Where do we sit? There's no benches nearby." I asked, and my boyfriend pointed straight ahead to a fountain.

"I'm sure we're allowed to sit on the edge of the fountain, right?" He said, and started walking to it.

I hesitantly followed, as we approached the ever-louder sound of the water was not helping my urge at all. Now, I do have a big bladder, that much is true. But it is also very weak and fills very fast. It didn't take long sitting on the fountain for me to have a hand down my pants, holding my crotch to prevent peeing. My boyfriend was still completely calm, he clearly didn't need to go. After a while I said I was good to keep walking. I really just needed to get away from the fountain.

However, it wasn't long before I started to leak. I pulled my hand out of my pants to avoid peeing on it, and I felt a small patch on my boxers. We kept walking, and I prayed my boyfriend didn't realize anything. I didn't dare bring attention to it as we kept walking, as I leaked every dozen steps. Then I was leaking every few steps. Then every other step. And before long I was just slowly, but constantly peeing. My boyfriend had noticed by now, surely, especially as a couple people we passed gave me looks.

My boyfriend, after I was peeing for a minute, finally acknowledged it. "Phew, you finally let go." He said, and immediately started wetting himself too. I was surprised because he seemed so calm the whole time. "Lets head back to the car." he said, turning in the direction of the car. I followed.

"How long have you needed to go?" I asked as we reached the car, both having just finished up

"The whole time." He replied as he climbed in the car with his jeans soaked.

And that's how I learned my boyfriend has an insane poker face.

