Wetting After a "Dry Spell"

Author: lumberjane

*000*2017-10-10 05:36

I was sitting at my computer desk. My girlfriend sleeping upstairs, the house quiet, the windows dark. This is the time when I take off my bra and put on some comfy clothes and relax.

Out of nowhere, my bladder began yelling at me to go and empty it (which happens often because of one of the medicines that I take). I started to get up to go relieve myself, but then I had a fun thought. "I could do...something else, instead."

It had been forever since I'd wet myself. Actually, I was probably 18 the last time I had. Two years without wetting myself being, by far, a record that I'll probably never beat again. As a kid, I woke up in a puddle at least once a week. As a teenager I'd find some seclusion to make puddles in secret. And now I hadn't done it in so long. Which is especially surprising when I think about how near-endlessly aroused I've been, in the last year.

Instead of going to the restroom, I went to the kitchen. I grabbed the largest cup I could find, and I drank as much water as my stomach could hold, then filled it back up and took it with my back to my computer.

I played some video games to pass time and distract myself as my bladder became fuller and fuller, drinking water the entire time.

Then I browsed this website, watched some videos, and came across a game. A repetitive and cheesy game, which had the goal of making you wet yourself. That said, it was still loads of fun, and just what the night needed.

I drank until my bladder was filled fuller than ever before.

I squirmed, holding myself, trying to keep the pee in.

I did jumping jack and situps, finding out how far I could push myself before my body decided to relieve itself with or without my help.

By the end, there was a little bit of wetness in my panties. I'm not even sure when I peed, but I could feel it.

I decided to go upstairs, to the bathroom, because I was certain that it wouldn't be long before I felt warmth flood my panties and soak my legs.

And it turned out that I was right.

I stood on the bathroom tiles, watching myself in the full length mirror on the wall.

I felt a bit of warmth. Then a bit more warmth. I watched as my crotch became dark, and then my legs. Felt my feet in the middle of a growing puddle. There was little space safe from the flood of nearly-clear pee, gushing forth from within me. It was, I really think, the most that I've ever peed.

Once I'd finished, I stripped, dried the floor, and took a very long, masturbatory shower.

