Wetting accident at the park

Author: Amldsubmissie

*000*2022-04-07 05:33

I don’t post much, but I often enjoy omorashi experiences. I am a 26 year old AFAB non-binary person. Im slim, I have short hair and glasses. I have some stress and urge incontinence. Here is todays experience:

With spring slowly waking up the earth, I’ve been enjoying walking my dogs through a park near my apartment. In order to get there, I can either drive or walk down the valley, and the park has a main trail as well as multiple small trails winding through the woods. It runs alongside a melting river.

Before I left, my blood sugar was feeling a bit low so I decided to chug some ginger ale. I had just returned from work where I drank a coffee, an iced tea and a bottle of water.

Although I did use the washroom once during the afternoon, I now realize I should’ve used it before my walk as well.

Given the frequency of my accidents, I have sewn cloth pads to the inside of my boxer briefs which absorb most small leaks during the day, however, today they weren’t even close to holding up.

At around 6:30 I got my dogs leashed up to leave the apartment. While waiting for the elevator I noticed a small urge to go, but nothing bad. Maybe a 3/10. I figured that standing around always makes things feel worse and that once I started walking the pressure would subside, so instead of turning back, I walked into the elevator and made my way to the parkade.

I got in my car, sitting down made things feel a bit worse. A quick and sharp urge made me instinctually squeeze my legs together. Thankfully it passed quickly, however the need to go was a bit more pressing. There are public washrooms at the park so worst case scenario I could go there.

The drive to the park was short, and upon arriving I noticed a group of intimidating looking men standing around by the washroom, as well as a cop talking to them.

I know there is a “no dogs in the bathroom” rule and I didn’t feel comfortable tying them up and going inside. I decided to continue my walk and I could check again on my way back to the parking lot.

At about 7:30 I was about 1.5 miles into my walk. It’s an in and out type of trail so however far i walked in one direction was exactly how far i would have to walk back. The pressure in my bladder was beginning to demand my attention. I was at a 7/10 and feeling squirmy. The pain was starting to grow and I could not ignore it. The feeling of my tight black jeans and soft cotton pressed against my clit made it so much harder to ignore.

People and their dogs walked passed me, one man stopped to ask me questions about my dogs.

As we chatted I tried to stay still but knew at any moment I could burst and would be mortified to wet myself in front of a stranger. So I awkwardly shifted my weight from side to side, crossed my legs and tried to act casual.

We finally made it to our turning point in the walk. This was the home stretch. If I could hold on for another half hour or so, as long as we speed walked, I could use the toilets at the park before driving back home.

The desperation became incredible. I felt like I was at an 11/10. When I tried to clench my muscles down there to keep the pee from escaping, it felt like I was going to lose control even faster. Relaxing my muscles seemed to ease the urge and make it slightly less painful, but taking fast steps over uneven trails while relaxing your bladder muscles is never a good idea. My urethra felt like it was tremoring from holding on so hard.

We were walking on the main trail as it was paved and directly to the washrooms and parking lot when I felt the first dribble escape. I stopped in my tracks and crossed my legs, my hands pressed against my crotch to try and regain control. A small burst of warmth saturated the fabric in my underwear. The wetness spread just around my pussy but not through my pants.

Just as quickly as the warmth spread through my underwear, the cold air chilled the wetness. After only a moment or two of release, I regained control and felt the stream stop.

It was 7:45, I was about halfway back. I contemplated sneaking into the bushes to relieve myself, but because of the many small trails within the park, many occupied by others, I didn’t feel like I would find a hidden spot fast enough.

I continued walking when another burst of pee escaped me and soaked into the padding in my underwear. This time it was a much stronger surge of pee, which subsided into a dribble. The dribble stage is the worst because it doesn’t matter what I do, I cannot physically stop it.

Every step I took the more wet I got. I was very worried at this point. I snuck off to the side of the trail and put my hands back under my crotch and crossed my legs, squeezing all of my muscles as hard as I could to try and stop. My hand felt a small wet patch about the side of a grapefruit grow in between my legs.

Oh thank god, it stopped. My jacket was long enough to cover the wet spot, now I just needed to get back.

As I got within sight of the washrooms I noticed the police were still there, the group of individuals were still there, and I had to made a decision NOW.

I figured, if I’m going to wet myself, at least doing so in my car or back at the apartment would at least be warmer, however I run the risk of running into people in the lobby or elevator.

I made the quick decision to put my dogs in the car, lock the car, and head to the public washrooms.

As I neared my car however, all intention and attempt to keep myself somewhat dry became worthless. I felt another strong urge, a pinch in my bladder and the familiar tremor of my urethra, my bladder gave up. A strong surge of pee soaked through my underwear and jeans, the padding in my underwear was past it’s capacity. I squeezed my legs together again and held my hand against my crotch as hard as I could but the stream of pee could not be stopped. A small dribble suddenly turned into a river, flooding my pants. The small circle of wetness grew fast and spread around my ass and down my legs. Warmth covered my legs, I felt the stream go down both legs, soaking my pants and puddling in my rain boots. My eyes watery and my heart racing, I looked around to see if anyone had noticed.

Other families walking to their cars looked in my direction, and I do not think they noticed, but I’m not truly sure.

I stood frozen in place fully wetting my pants for what felt like forever, but was probably only a minute or so.

I looked down and could see that although my jeans were black, they were very obviously wet.

I scurried the rest of the way to my car, and quickly hopped in. I took my boots off and dumped out the puddle inside of them.

I can’t say I enjoyed the feeling of putting them back on, but at this point I was eager to get home.

I started up the car, drove back my apartment, and thankfully had the elevator to myself.

Once I made it back inside, I peeled my wet clothes off and grabbed my favourite vibrator. Although the whole ordeal was embarrassing, I was Incredibly turned on.

I used the vibrator, came 3 times, squirting all over the floor each time. I ended the occasion with a nice hot shower followed by dry pjs and snuggled into bed.

