Need to pee as an intern

Author: Iceflower

*000*2016-09-02 13:26

Part1

The following story took place in 2010 and happened to me for real. I like to give you as much details as possible but I changed the names of the persons because it’s too risky to use the real names. It was not yesterday so I can’t remember the exactly words of what was said, but I remember very well the feelings I had. So part of the conversation and a few details are not exactly like at that time but I did my best to describe the occasions correctly. That’s important to say because I hate it if a story is marked as real and in truth it is fiction.

In class 10 in school, we had to do a 2 weeks long internship at a company. I chose a distribution company for office products in my district town. My job there was to learn something about standard office activities.

On that Monday I made breakfast at home like every day with a bowl of cereals with cold milk and a glass of orange juice. I left home and had a half hour long train journey to the company. Because I‘m a shy girl and not very self-reliant, I was very nervous on the first day I entered the company for the first time. It was 7.00 a clock on that sunny day in April.

The people there were very friendly to me and the secretary brought me right to the office of my mentor for the next two weeks whose name was Mr. Hansmann. He was a good looking business man in his late thirties with a fit body. He was very likable and it seemed as if he enjoyed my company. He led me to the break-room, where the others from the office sat at a round table, talking about what's new and drinking coffee.

He introduced me as the new intern and I had to sit down with the others. The women next to me, whose name was Maria if I remember correctly, invited me to a cup of coffee. 30 minutes later all stuff members got to their work and Mr. Hansmann gave me a short guidance through the company and showed me my desk and gave me some work (copy papers and grade some documents).

It was around 9 o clock when I noticed a first signal from my bladder. It was around 6 in the morning I used the toilet the last time (after standing up) but experienced from further holdings at school, I was not desperate yet so I continued my work and didn't pay much attention to it.

During my work I snipped from my water bottle several times as I always do if a bottle stands beside me.

Mr. Hansmann didn’t show me the toilets during our round tour through the company, shot suddenly through my head. That was a problem I had to solve. With my stupid shyness especially with such things it would be not easy for me to ask for the toilet.

But at first, I decided to look for a toilet sign during my rounds to the photo copier. The administration part of the company was built in a “U” form with the main entrance on the one side and with a door to the staircase down to the store and distribution zone. The house was built into the hillside with the administration above the other sections.

The photo copier had its place around an edge in the near of the door to the staircase. The corridor seemed quiet the most time and I rarely saw one of the others during my walks to the copier. My desk was standing in a kind of anteroom to Mr. Hansmanns office separated with a glass door.

During the next walk to the copier I looked at the doors for a sign for a toilet, unfortunately I saw nothing. Actually I opened a door without a tag on it only to find a small storage room.

Around 10 in the morning, my 1.5 liter water bottle was half empty and I began to feel slightly uncomfortable. As long as I was walking and in motion, my need was not that bad but the times I was sitting at my desk to sort papers, I began slightly to wriggle in my chair. I was able to hold back my pee for a very long time and my bladder muscles were trained, but all that juice, coffee and water from the morning built a remarkable pressure in my bladder.

Sitting down I crossed my legs and changed position from time to time compared with foot tapping under my desk.

An hour later I couldn’t sit still for very long and constantly rocked back and forth in my chair and tapped with my feet on the floor in a high frequent.

Standing at the photo copier, I crossed my legs tight and bend forward from time to time. Every time a person comes along the hallway, I did my best to stand still without wriggling too much.

At 11.30 I felt pretty full and definitively needed a toilet. My bladder felt like a water balloon and if I were at school, it would be time to use the toilet now, even if I hated those bathrooms and normally don't use them. But normally I don't feel that full on this early time of the day.

I took courage, stood up and looked for one of the female colleagues to ask for the toilet. For me, this was less embarrassing then asking a man.

Right at this second, Mr. Hansmann dashed in my office and said to me that was now time for the lunch break and asked me if I would join him and spend my break together with the others.

“Fuck” I thought, I forgot about the breaking times he told me about in the morning… I was not gutsy enough to ask him directly for the toilet first. Instead I nodded and got with him, took a chair in the break room and ate the apple I brought with me.

I tried to sit still as much as possible but this was not easy and I began to sweat slightly. To my luck, the others were very talkative and joked with each other and my movements didn’t get attention.

Of course with all people around, I couldn’t bring myself to ask for the toilet, but after the half hour long break I had to ask, for all what was worth. I was sure I could hold it until then.

One of the women asked me if I would like to drink a coffee but this time I denied. Only the idea of more liquid in my body made me shiver and I wriggled involuntarily in my chair.

For my bad luck, one of the colleagues had her birthday on the last Sunday and shout out a drink for all. She opened a bottle of sparkling wine and everyone got a glass.

I couldn’t bring myself to say “no” to her because that would be very rude, so I had no other choice and politely took the glass and found myself drinking along with the rest.

I emptied my glass and my body shivered again as a wave of desperation hit me, I could not bear the thought of any more liquid adding to my already full bladder. I was looking at my watch every two minutes now.

Five minutes before 12 o clock, Mr. Hansmanns mobile ringed and during the other colleagues left the room one by one, he gave me a sign to wait a moment longer. After his 10 minute long phone call he said to me that this was the client, he had to visit today and he asked him if he could come an hour earlier, what meant that he had to drive in the next town right now.

“You can come with me, but we have to hurry” he said to me.

“Fuck” I thought, that’s not happening. I was desperate for a pee and of course he expected that I would come with him.

“Oh okay” I said.

“We have to drive only 15 minutes in the next town” he said “the appointment should only last a half hour”.

Every normal person had asked for the toilet first and this would be the most normal thing on the world… but not for me.

In the best case that would mean about 1 more hour for me to hold my pee. A sudden surge hit me and I had to cross my legs immediately in front of him and I blushed.

I simply had to visit the toilet first; otherwise I had to hold it during the car ride, next to an adult male without making my need obvious and then hold it in front of a client without making a pee dance and without a chance for a toilet.

“I still had to grab my jacket in my office” I told him.

“That’s okay, I also had to take the car first, then I wait for you on the lower entrance”

My bladder hurt with every step but I had 5 more minutes now to find a toilet. I took my jacket and asked the first women I met in the corridor where the toilet were. She pointed to a door in the middle of the hallway and said that they have a unisex bathroom here in the office and I simply had to lock the door when I was in.

I thanked and hobbled to the door and found it locked. I was standing in front of the door, paced up and down and crossed my legs tight but nothing happened, I knocked on the door, but nothing. “Oh come on” I said to myself bending my knees.

I waited nearly 10 minutes in front of the door and nothing happened, but I couldn’t let wait Mr. Hansmann any longer.

I dashed through the other door in the staircase which led to the lower entrance. Closing the door behind me, I was alone. Finally I could stuck my hand between my legs and gave my pussy a so much needed squeeze, I bent forward and massaged my crotch for a few seconds with my fingers.

I thought about that stupid situation my shyness brought me in. Of course I wasn’t a little girl anymore and should be able to control my body functions, but this was developing to a nightmare…

For a short second, the possibility of pissing right there, maybe letting out only enough to ease the pressure, hit my mind. But the risk of getting caught was too high and I would die of embarrassment when one of the stuff members would caught me with my pants down, pissing in the stairwell a few meters away from the toilet. There was only one thing I could do, hold it until I could use a toilet.

On a normal school day I was able to hold it until I ‘am at home again so why shouldn’t this be possible today? On the other hand I drank a lot more than I do in school compared with the nervousness of the whole new situation, made it worse.

Walking helped a bit and so I took my hand away and continued my way to the distribution zone to the second entrance. Mr. Hansmann was already waiting in the car and we drove off without any more delay.

Sitting down in the car seat sent a sharp twinge through my bladder area and the waistband of my jeans pressed against my Tommy, I groaned involuntarily and clamped my thighs tight together as I fixed the seatbelt. Mr. Hansmann looked at me and I blushed.

“Everything okay” he asked and I said of course yes. We started our trip and my need to pee worsened with every pothole we hit. Was it because of all the shaking from the bad road conditions or because I had to sit still as good as possible? To my dismay he stopped at a small shop and said “be right back, you can wait in the car, I had to buy something”

The moment he was out of sight, I rammed my right hand between my legs and pulled the seatbelt away from my bladder with the other hand. That felt so good I blushed again about the embarrassment of holding my crotch like a little girl but this give me some much needed support. For a short moment my sphincter got support from my hand and I could relax a few seconds. I opened and closed my legs very fast, again and again, with my fingers pressed on my pee hole.

I was wearing jeans with a sweater like the most days. The jeans were one of these with a high synthetic part and very tight. These kinds of clothes were modern and I really liked it to wear them. I opened the top button to give my bladder a little bit more room. Thankfully my sweater was long enough to cover the open button.

Around 5 minutes later I saw Mr. Hansmann leaving the shop and returning to the car. I stopped my movements immediately, let the seatbelt snap back to my tummy and took my hand away from my crotch.

Only ten minutes later on the road again I was on the verge of wetting myself. If I had an idea how bad this fucking car ride would worsened my need, I had waited longer at the toilet door in the company.

As awkward it would be, but when we arrive at our customer, I simply had to ask for their toilet, I couldn’t stand this pain any longer. Maybe that would look horribly unprofessional but everything was better than the state I was in and I was sure I couldn’t stand still for more than a few seconds without dancing around like a child or wetting myself. And that would be more embarrassing. The sparkling wine seemed to have an additional effect to my bladder. I had to survive only 10 more minutes until we should arrive.

*001*2016-09-02 13:27

Part 2

Although I tried to hide what was going on with me I couldn’t sit still in the seat anymore. If only I could press my hand between my legs to ease the pain, I thought. But with Mr. Hansmann beside me this was impossible. So I began to rock back and forth in my seat and changed position as slowly as possible.

I had to do something to support my sphincter muscle right now. I leaned forward in the seat and pretended like I was adjusting something at my shoe with my left hand. For this I was bending as much as possible forward and was now able to hold my crotch with my right hand without Mr. Hansmann could notice. This felt so good, but bending forward made it worse and put additional pressure on my bladder, so I took my hand away and set upright again and pulled my seat belt away from my lower belly with my right hand.

I couldn’t cross my legs because there was not enough room but I crossed my ankles and pressed my knees together. In a moment when he was concentrated on the road I casually took my right hand inwards on my right thigh but not touching my crotch and covering this with my left hand.

After this I moved my right hand slowly upwards and was finally able to push against my crotch with my thump as discrete as possible. That felt so good, I couldn’t prevent a silent moan escaping my mouth.

The moment he looked at me I took my hand away and blushed again. If he noticed my actions he was too polite to say anything. At the same time I began to tap my right foot agitatedly on the car floor. I was not the slimmest girl but my already tight jeans really didn't help me now. I could feel my bladder bulging and pressing tightly into my waistband.

Mr. Hansmann made conversation with me and asked me some questions but my answers were short because I had to concentrate on my bursting bladder and it was hard to answer without moaning out loud.

About 5 minutes before we should have reached our destination the traffic got slower and stopped suddenly. We were outside the town on a country road and I saw a long line of cars in front of us.

Neither Mr. Hasmann nor I did know the reason for this stop but the last thing I needed now was a traffic jam, I was already pushing my known limits and I never felt this desperate before in my life.

The stinging pain in my lower abdomen was omnipresent now and burned in my bladder.

“Fuck” I said nearly too loud “why are we stopping?” I gasped.

“I have no idea” he said. “Well, for now it seem like we were standing here for some time. I don’t hope that an accident had happened because we don’t have so much time, at least the sun is shining” with that he turned the radio a bit louder and sunk back in his seat.

10 Minutes later we hadn’t moved a meter forward. Waves of desperation let my body spasm, more frequently than before. I changed position, crossed my ankles, tapped my foot and squeezed every muscle I had but it was getting impossible to hold it with just my crotch muscles. I looked out of the side window not to face Mr. Hansmann because the effort of holding my pee let me grimace.

If only I hadn’t drunk all that water or the sparkling wine. I could deal with a full bladder, but it felt like my bladder expanded more and more because of the liquid who was running constantly down my body.

After another five minutes of pure desperation, my heart began to race, almost crying from needing to go so bad; I was seconds away from exploding in the seat of this car. For the first time, I considered about wetting myself. I couldn’t blame me more, so I forced myself to ignore these minds, firmly telling myself that girls of my age could control their bladders and don’t wet themselves, ever.

I took comfort and put my right hand under my bum and pressed my fingers upwards between my legs. Oh, that felt so good! At last my poor, overworked, sphincter had some help, again I couldn’t prevent a softly moan.

Mr. Hansmann looked at me irritated and asked: “Are you okay?”

What should I have said to him? My situation was hopeless. I was trapped in a car, seconds away from my biggest humiliation in my teenage life, with no chance to reach a toilet in the next minutes.

My shyness and pride who had brought me in this situation, took over again and I lied.

“Yea, it’s only that I felt a bit dizzy because of the sparkling wine and the curvy road and the muggy air in the car…”I said as calm as possible without gasping too much.

He nodded and opened the window for me. The cold and fresh air streamed inside. Still sitting on my right hand with my fingertips pressed on my pussy as good as possible I rocked back and forth with my pelvis on the seat putting additional pressure on my hand.

“You don’t have to be nervous about our appointment” he said to me “you have to do nothing, just listen what we are talking”. He must have thought my restlessness was because I was so nervous.

I tried everything to calm down my movements and nodded silently.

For the first time I thought how good it would feel just to let go, relaxing my muscles and letting it flow. Beside the huge humiliation that would mean for me I would ruin the seat of the car and surely could never go back to this company. Not only Mr. Hansmann would notice my wet jeans, I had to use the train to get home where my mother and sister were waiting.

Two cars in front of us was a minibus with a school-bus sign on it. Suddenly the door opened and two girls around 13 or 14 years old get out and dashed to the left side of the road where a drive of a forest road had access to the country road. Immediately I know what they were doing, they looked for a place to pee. I followed them with my eyes although Mr. Hansmann didn’t seem to be interested in these girls. It was April and the most trees were still without leaves so the cover was not very good but they walked a few meters in the forest to a small group of spruces. Between the bare branches I could see one girl take cover behind the spruces and was out of my sight. The other one was standing guard. After two minutes they were ready and walked back to the bus.

Oh how I envied these both girls.

I seriously considered the option to do the same, even it would be very embarrassing with my mentor in the car and we were not the only car on the road and for me as a well-raised and shy girl, going behind a tree for such a clear purpose when other people could notice was very embarrassing. On the other hand I had to find a way to tell it Mr. Hansmann without sounding like a little girl on the verge of pissing herself.

I wouldn’t wait any longer if I would be with a woman in the car, I thought.

Additional to my bad luck some of the other car drivers got out and were standing outside their cars.

During the next 10 minutes I could stand my need to pee, first I still had my hands under my ass and squeezed everything as tight as possible and secondly I was distracted by these two girls.

My mind wondered back in the car and my hand began to get numb from sitting on it. I had to take my hand away, which decreased my squirming.

Suddenly a surge, stronger than ever hit me and a big wave of desperation washed over me and I lost control for one second and my urine shot through my sphincter involuntarily. It was not like an explosion, my sphincter was simply tired from the long holding and weakened for a short moment and I leaked involuntarily with a one or two second long hiss.

I gasped and clamped all together and thank god, cut it off, my body quivered and shivered from the strain of stemming the flood back. I blushed deep red and it was only the thump of my right hand I rammed between my legs like before who prevented me from peeing my jeans right there. Pressing so hard between my legs I was nearly holding myself in the car seat.

I had held it simply long enough; I needed to pee since 9 in the morning and held it nearly 4 hours since then. I couldn’t stand this any longer. It was 7 hours since I last visited the toilet and I had drank over one and a half liter of liquid during that time.

I could feel the warm urine in my panties from this short loss of control and prayed that this wouldn’t be noticeable on my jeans or even worse on the seat. But it was a very short leak and I couldn’t feel any wetness with my thump between my legs. I was wearing some kind of microfiber pantys and although they had a cotton inlay in the crotch, they couldn’t hold more than a few drops before soaking through.

Mr. Hansmann looked at me again and I had no other choice as to get out to relief my aching bladder. Again I took my hand away as fast as possible, bent forward in my seat, closed my eyes and moaned softly.

“Sorry Sir” I gasped with pain “maybe I should get out to stretch my legs a bit and breathe some fresh air, I feel a bit sick now”

“Can I do something for you” he asked worried.

“No, it’s only sometimes I have a bit of a problem with car driving, that’s all” I lied using all my strength to suppress short moans between the words but my voice was trembling because of the strain on my abdominal muscles.

Even seconds before wetting myself I couldn’t say the truth, but my excuse worked and he let me out.

I unfastened my seat belt and get out of the car, very slowly in the fear of losing control once I was standing.

Standing up in the open car door sent a jolt through me and with my back to him and my front to the guard railing I crossed my legs tight, rammed my hand between my legs as fast as possible and moved my fingers there furiously for 2 seconds. If the front seat passenger from the cars behind us were looking at me, of course they would see me holding myself but I couldn’t care about this now.

With my hand in my crotch I could feel moisture on my fingertips right between my legs so I knew it leaked through my jeans. I didn’t dare to look on my crotch and attract attention to what happened.

With my last bit of will power I took my hand away turned around and walked on the other side of the road as causal as possible with my thigh pressed together and my body bent slightly forward. Standing straight was impossible for me but I did everything not to hurry and attract the people’s attention.

The pressure from my bladder during my short walk from the road onto the small forest road was enormous, my tummy hurt and the pain let a tear flow down my cheek. My jeans cut into my belly like it was two numbers to small and my back arched.

It was a wonder my piss still wasn’t flowing down my legs. I reached my absolute limit, on other circumstances I would have pissed myself right there. I longed to give up, relax and let the pee flow. It was only my pride, not to be the little intern who peed her pants first time out of school who let me hold.

Maybe 20 meters into the drive I couldn’t stand the pressure any longer but there was no good cover behind some trees. I had to stop, knotted my legs and was bending down with my hand jammed between my legs and massaged my crotch. I hoped instantly Mr. Hansmann wasn’t looking to me in that moment but I was too ashamed to look back to him. My back was to the other cars and I tried to make it look like I was searching anything on the ground.

I stood in this position for a few seconds and get myself together not to make it too obvious to everyone who was watching me. Finally I looked back to our car only to find Mr. Hansmann with his telephone at his ear speaking to someone else. Thank god I thought to me.

I hobbled with my hand in my crotch, as fast as I could, as far away from the cars as possible, farther away as the both young girls but still visible to someone who would look closely in my direction. The fact that most of the deciduous trees still hadn’t leaves didn’t help.

I dashed to the side of the forest road, already opening the zipper of my jeans, looking for a good and hidden place to piss. Now, around 50 meters into the wood, I was out of the sight for our car but still visible on this sloping forest road. I looked around to check if I was alone, when I felt my sphincter weakened again. I couldn’t hold it anymore, hidden place or not.

Right on the side of the forest road I yanked jeans and panties halfway down my thigh in a frantic attempt, this was not easy because of the tightness of my jeans but I used all strength I had and squatted down in one motion. I was in full view of someone who would come along the road, but there was no one. I also could see the other cars on the curvy road between the branches but they were too far away to see any details.

In the moment my panties didn’t cover my pussy anymore my sphincter relaxed involuntarily and the urine began to stream out of me. I wasn’t ready with squatting down as my muscles relaxed completely and my warm pee shot out of me with full force.

I’m not very experienced in peeing outside so I squatted low with my legs a bit apart and my pee goes in front of me but I had to adjust my position because my spraying pee splashed against my shoes and ankles. My private parts were good visible in that position but thankfully I was alone.

I forget about my first plan, only let out enough to decrease the pressure, because this was impossible, even if someone would come along right now, I wouldn’t be able to stop the pee I needed for so long. I moaned loudly, my nearly clear piss streamed out of me making a loud hissing sound.

Although it was April, the ground was dry and I made a huge puddle on the hard forest road and my pee began to trickle downwards like a river. My pee hit the ground with such an immense power, it splashed up against my butt, so I had to get up a bit more.

My body relaxed completely but with the fear of getting caught, I pressed my pee out as fast as possible.

Oh god the relief this brought, I nearly cried.

My pee stream got weaker and stronger again in interval with no end. I used the time to inspect my panties and jeans. My panties had a hand size wet patch in the crotch but only the gusset of my jeans, right between my legs was a bit wet from my leak. If I would keep my legs together, it wasn’t noticeable.

My pee stream weekend and after a few dribbles I was finally ready and totally exhausted. I took a tissue out of my jeans pocket and wiped my dripping pussy and the splashes on my cheeks and thigh dry as fast as possible and throw it in the huge puddle. I stood up and pulled my damp panties up which were now cold in the crotch.

After that, I pulled my jeans up as fast as possible and closed the waistband. My jeans and shoes were noticeable wet around the ankles from the splatters but there was nothing I could do about this now. Walking back to the car a man walked into my direction and smiled appreciatively, I was sure he was also on the way to pee. I blushed and walked away, if he would walk a bit further along the road he would see my huge puddle.

But that didn’t play a role now. I hadn’t wet myself and nobody saw me peeing and that was all what was counting.

Back at the car Mr. Hansmann was standing at the driver’s door and already waited for me.

“Feeling better now?” he asked.

I blushed again. “Yes, the fresh air in the forest helped a lot”

I don’t know if he knows what I had done or maybe he thought I had to vomit because I said I felt sick (this would be better then he would know I couldn’t hold my pee)

“I have talked to our client, we had to come back tomorrow and now we turn around and drive back to the company”

“Oh okay” I said and fastened my seatbelt. Sitting in the car again I could feel my damp panties clung uncomfortable at my pussy and I blushed thinking about that I leaked previously.

I wasn’t so desperate like this before and back in the company I got to the now free bathroom but meanwhile my panties were nearly dry. On the train journey home my tummy was still hurting from the long holding.

Even today I got remembered on this, every time I came along that part of the road.

*010*2016-09-07 19:00

Many thanks to you all for your answers and friendly words.

Yes its true, the traffic jam saved me from wetting myself but on the other hand it would have been less embarrassing if I could have used the toilet at our client.

By the way, the reason for the traffic jam was a damaged truck crane which lost oil and couldn't drive on with that. I heard my colleagues talked about this the next day.

