Sometimes getting drunk is a good idea (gone sexual- NSFW)

Author: CaptainBelle

*000*2019-08-26 00:46

Oooh boy, ever since I posted my first story on this website I've had a long time since I saw anything worth mentioning (very sad, I know, I'm sure we all ommies can relate). But oh Gosh, the most amazing thing just happened last weekend. Hell, I'm not even sure of how to start or introduce this story- it's like a complete dream. Sometimes I even wonder if it was actually real- it was like a complete fantasy.

So, like I did in my other story, I would love to give you a bit of a backstory. I'm a 21 year old girl (oh wow, it has been a long time) and I admit, I have this really big crush on this guy- hell, I think I'm confident enough to call it complete and utter love. I simply adore that boy. Problem? He's from another country and if it wasn't enough, he's from a completely different continent as well... and well, I'm from Portugal. You have no idea how many tears I shed over our distance. I wanted to touch him. To kiss him. To hug him. To hold his hand... let's give him a name, shall we?- well, how about Eric?

One day my dream came true- his father had business in Portugal and Eric came with him. I was so ecstatic, I didn't even sleep the whole night. I planned my clothes a few hours before I slept and after a bit of tossing and throwing most of my wardrobe on the floor I picked a little short black skirt, black thigh highs (that I know he loves- thigh fetish, anyone?),a crop top and some combat boots (didn't mean to be so gothic that day, but black is considered sexy, right?). Well, my clothes were the least of my concerns- I was so nervous. What if he thought I was ugly? What if he thought I was boring or nothing like he expected? I couldn't stop time- the morning came, I woke up super early to take a shower and do my makeup. I wanted to look my best. I put my clothes on, left the house and got on the train- it was the most anxious hour of my life...

My phone rang- Eric was there waiting for me just as I left the train. He sent me a message asking me if I would take long, as he needed to go to the toiled but didn't want to make me wait. My curiosity perked... oh really? I ran up to the entrance of the mall and as I saw him I fell straight into his arms. I hugged him for what seemed like forever but resisted the urge to kiss him as I didn't know his feelings for me. He was squirming for a bit, trembling as I squeezed him. Is he cold?.

Then I remembered... he had to go to the bathroom. He seemed shy about it but finally said "Belle, I need to pee so bad". I was immediately turned on as I heard his words but said nothing about it, of course. It didn't seem to be very urgent but the boy almost seemed like he containing his urge of hopping from foot to foot. I asked if he was alright and jokingly asked if he was going to piss himself (ironic, considering what happened later that night). He stretched his hand out for me to hold it. I did and lead him to the bathroom.

I also felt the urge to pee as I was in an hour and something train ride. The bad part? The bathroom was closed for cleaning and only the handicap bathroom was opened. "Oh nooooo" I heard him say quietly as he doubled down. He told me he didn't have time to go to the bathroom at the airport and went directly to me. How sweet is that? Well, we waited for about 10 minutes and as the queue was getting smaller and we got closer to the bathroom I could see him tap his foot. "Dude, there's sooo much piss inside my balls right now"! (I know, what a real memer). I laughed at that silly thing as it was our turn to use the bathroom. He went in first, obviously, and I went second. When I got out he seemed a lot more relieved "Thank you, Belle. I would let you go first but I really had to go". I swear, I almost melted at that. I wish I was inside the cubicle with him, just so I could watch him pee. Boy, what I naughty thought that was....

The day went great! I'm not sure about how much you want to read about it or if I should just skip into the "good" part but I feel the need to share about how sweet and nice he was. He held my hand, he put his arms around me and after lunch I took him outside the mall for a walk... he made the first move- he pushed me against a wall and kissed me. It wasn't my first overall kiss- but it not only it was my first kiss with tongue but also the first kiss with someone I actually really loved. The worst part? I couldn't stop laughing. Oops! I was so happy and nervous that I laughed against his lips more than I actually kissed him.

I was so embarrassed! I could see he was getting a bit frustrated as well but I just couldn't help it! I really fucked up on that one. He grabbed my boobs and butt and I was very gentle when I touched him well... you know what, or so I should've. Instead of touching him gently, I legit thought it would be funny to nut slap him!! Oh Gosh, what is wrong with me! "Don't slap it" I heard him say. I laughed even harder. I just wished I grabbed him as well, I at least wanted to make him excited... but the night isn't over yet... of course we couldn't have sex or have any sexual experience, we were in public! But still, I could feel something tingle down there. I felt naughty again.

Ok, sorry for that! I hope that wasn't too boring for you- let's get back on track. We left the mall and walked around Lisbon, he was never one to travel or much of a tourist but I still showed him the beauty of Lisbon. We took some terrible selfies (we even took one kissing, even knowing he hates those sort of pictures) and overall had a great time! Then we might've done a very bad decision (for him... for me it was amazing)- we went out drinking. We had the wonderful idea of buying a bottle of cheap vodka and a bottle juice and mixed it in a big McDonalds cup. Oh boy, it was delicious! I always loved Vodka with juice. What I didn't anticipate was how light weight he was... I had some friends around and I decided to introduce them to "my boy".

We all decided to get fucked up together. I ringed my parents and told them I would sleep in my friends house, and after some convincing, they agreed. My friends also had some bottles of alcohol with them and we decided to drink in my friend's (let's call him Jacob) house. He had a beautiful big backyard with a nice pool to cool yourself on a hot summer day. His parents weren't home and... you might know where this is going... we of course had a big party! Around 15 people or so, some I didn't even know. Eric seemed to fit in quickly, despite seeming a bit shy. He was so handsome- he had long shoulder length dark brown hair, brown eyes, a clean shaved face and kissable lips. His hair is what I adored most about his looks. I kept touching it and patting it- it was so soft and smelled so good, despite him being in an 8 hour flight! How even?! Ok, I promise I'll stop fangirling... for now.

We started drinking and drinking- more and more... well, maybe a bit too much. We were so wasted. I'll admit, I don't remember much. I was so drunk on so many types of alcohol that I probably couldn't even tell the time or my name. As the night went by, I kept looking at Eric while completely ignoring the rest of my friends. I saw him slowly fill up his bladder with harsh drinks (The faces he made was adorable!). I knew his urge to pee was getting stronger and stronger as he sometimes danced on the spot while still forcing liquid down his throat- however, he never went to the bathroom. His cheeks were red, and his words slurred. I was getting more and more turned on as I kept looking at him. He was fucked... but then again, so was I. I'm an incredibly clumsy drunk. I kept falling and falling, walking in zig zags and stumbling about. I constantly needed to lean on Eric to keep myself from falling into the pool but by the end of it, I still ended up with bruises all over my legs.

As we were all badly singing Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen I could see him double over and grab himself. Fuck, I didn't know alcohol would make me so turned on. I knew he had to pee. Badly. I was loving it and I couldn't take it, I lead him to the side of the house where it was mostly deserted and started to drunkenly kiss him- like real sloppy and gross. I was the one making the moves here, I was completely dominating a boy while he squirmed under me. "Please, Bell, I'm completely bursting. I'm legit going to piss myself right here". I was surprised on how he was still standing considering how much he drank. I wondered why he hasn't gone to the bathroom- maybe he was just too afraid to ask? And I also wondered how he still had complete control over his bladder... for now.

It didn't matter to me. I was having the time of my life. I hugged him tight and started to kiss and bite his neck, compensating for earlier... I was so incredibly turned on. I wanted him so badly. I started to touch him and felt proud as he squirm under my fingertips. "Please, I need to pee so badly. Gotta pee. Gotta pee. Gotta pee." he repeated like a total child. I melted, it was so cute. I had to resist the urge to pull down his pants and ravish him right there. However, even in my drunk mind, I didn't want to take advantage of a drunk guy without his consent, no matter how much I wanted it. He was completely begging now- begging to be touched and begging to pee. I didn't even know what to do! I giggled against his neck and held his hand as we stumbled our way to one of the bathrooms, of course, the closest one downstairs. And of course, there was a line...

I could just imagine how much alcohol those boys (I only have male friends) have consumed over the hours and how many uses that poor toilet had to suffer through. In my drunken state I hugged Eric as I almost fell down, grabbing myself onto his waist, unintentionally pressing on his bladder, I assumed, as he winced and grabbed himself. I never saw anyone so desperate to pee in my life- I wish I was completely aware just so I could remember every detail. He was running in place, and what I assumed trying to put his dick between his legs to stop the flow (I don't know how the male body works). I would be concerned about his dignity if I wasn't so damn turned on- watching his every movement closely... until I saw something that really really surprised me.

After I heard him whisper "No, no, no. Fuck fuck fuck!!" I noticed his pants getting darker, just a little, but enough to get him to panic. It's like he sobered up right then and there and was fully aware of his situation- however, he laughed in the middle of his drunken desperation "Dude, Belle, I'm completely pissing myself over here" he crossed his legs and tried to bend over, still laughing. I laughed with him as I watched his pants get darker and darker, wetter and wetter. I thought he was almost in tears. We were surrounded by people, some of them even noticing the situation and laughing along with us, they were never the judgmental kind- however, I don't think he was embarrassed, maybe just under a lot of pressure.

As a repetition of before, we were waiting in line- he was quiet, trying to hold his pee as I was giggling to myself, tingling with excitement- just like I had my first sexual awakening- I'm a virgin and don't have any sexual experience at all, if it weren't for omorashi I would just take that whole situation as funny and wouldn't be this wet over such a silly thing. I was completely thankful for this fetish in that moment... oh, it was finally our turn to get into the bathroom. He stumbled into the toilet, his legs pressed together and started to mess with his belt, as we all know is almost a rubix cube when you have too pee, let alone wasted.

He called for me "Belle, please help me out. Fuuuck, I'm actually going to burst!". I stepped into the toilet with him and tried to undo his belt, not very successfully as he wouldn't stop moving. There was a point where he was in so much pain that in his drunken state he just possibly said "fuck this, I'm out" sat on the toilet and just let it all out. I just watched in awe as he threw his head back, moaned and closed his eyes. I completely thought he had passed out. It was like a damn faucet! I could see his pee soak through his pants and go into the toilet. I can only imagine how desperate he was! I bet he has such a small bladder.

Seeing him pee like that reminded me of my own condition and how much I had to go as well. I just felt like sitting in his lap and pee right between his legs and I'm not even into that! He was so happy to finally be empty he almost couldn't get up, that is until we heard some of the guys yelling that they needed to use the toilet as well. They saw the whole entire thing as the door was opened- and I don't even think Eric cared, he was just ecstatic, like he just had an orgasm. He stumbled out of the bathroom, his jeans completely wet. I closed the bathroom door and finally had the time for myself- I wanted to masturbate right there in the toilet but I pulled my panties down (something I almost forgot to do) and peed, resisting that strong sexual urge.

Sounds like a good ending right? And it was! But if you're still interested in my sexual escapades you can continue on reading... after I peed in the bathroom and let the other desperate boys inside. I found Eric sitting down outside the bathroom, most likely waiting for me. I grabbed his hand seeing if he would get up and we fell down on the floor together as we laughed.

"Dude, I can't believe I fucking pissed myself" he slurred. "Yeah man, me neither" I giggled. He told me how gross he felt- that his jeans were sticking to his skin and how the warm piss became cold. The worst part? He didn't have any clothes to change into. He told his dad he would be sleeping in Lisbon but of course he didn't think he would wet himself while drunk. We went upstairs to another bathroom (trying not to die as going upstairs completely wasted is like climbing Mount Everest) to grab a towel and clean himself with a bit of water. He dropped his pants and I could see his boxers completely soaked, there was not a single dry spot.

However, I could only see them for less then a minute as he dropped them to the floor. I could clearly see him half naked as he started to clean himself- and should I just say- wow! His well- hmmm, should I be a perv? His... dick... looked just perfect to me. Average and only with a bit of hair. My jaw dropped, I have never seen a real life penis in my 21 years of life. It was so much better than any porn I've seen. I wanted... no... I NEEDED him. I needed to do something to him. I felt like I was going to explode from excitement.

I "accidentally" fell onto his chest, closed my eyes and touched him (no, I didn't slap him this time) I stroked his unclothed penis slowly as he moaned under his breath. Fuck- you guys, Eric is just such a great piece of a man...listening to his breaths and moans... it's just fantastic. I was so happy he could still get hard, even after all that drinking. I was really surprised. I had one priority: pleasure him, make him cum (Oh Gosh, I feel so dirty describing this!!).

I got down on my knees (you know where this is going, right?) and started to kiss the tip of his penis- I think he liked that- I wrapped my lips around his dick and tried to suck as far as I could but I have a terrible gag reflex and well, I felt bad when he asked if I was alright. My priorities were still straight though! I sucked the tip while I stroked the rest of his length with my hand. I don't know if it was the drinking but he came sooner than I expected. I hated the taste and spit it out, but just knowing it was his made me happy. The next part made laugh... he had such a big goofy smile on his face when he picked me up (still half naked) kissed me, got out of the bathroom and said "Hey, this girl just sucked my cock!" I was so embarrassed! Especially because I'm pretty sure we still left a puddle of cum on this guy's bathroom floor (ew)

When the early morning came, some of the guys went home wasted while some were passed out on the yard in their own vomit (again, ew. So happy that never happened to me). I don't remember falling asleep, but I was happy seeing Eric by my side (still with his dick out). We all had this huge hangover that totally killed us but I really don't regret anything! It was one of the most amazing nights of my life!

That's it! I hope you all liked my story... sorry it went a bit sexual there but I felt the need to tell you guys absolutely everything! Cya!

*002*2019-08-26 15:49

{{7 hours ago, Răzvan2000 said:

That was awesome!

And welcome back! Personally, i missed you because i thought you never came back on this site, again!

}}

Thank you, I'm so happy you liked it! I really love how this story came out, I'm just a bit disappointed on how no one is reading it. Maybe because it has a male tag- oh well, I had a ton of fun writing it.

Awww thank you, that's so sweet! No worries, I've always been lurking, I just haven't been writing because of nothing really note worthy. I love omorashi and will probably stay here till the end of time! I'm thankful you didn't forget about me, I'm surprised!

