Super Smash Leaks

Author: blUeMana

*000*2019-02-12 00:17

Story time everyone! So, while I was procrastinating on writing my final for my MBA that's due tomorrow, I decided to play some Smash. I just got the new game for the switch and was grinding out the Adventure mode to unlock all the characters. I tend to stay well hydrated while gaming so my bladder was filling pretty quickly.

I was about at a 3 when I decided to play a new game; any time I won a match, I would have to take a drink of water and any time I lost, I would have to relax my bladder and let a small dribble out into my boxers. My fighter and spirit team allowed me to grind through matches pretty quickly so I was drinking quite often and on the occasion that I lost, I would of course let a little out. A half hour of this and my desperation was now around 5 or 6, i could definitely feel the need to go but it wasn't an emergency. My boxers were a bit damp and there was some small spots visible on my shorts (I had gone on a pretty bad losing streak at one point) but nothing I couldn't manage.

I then decided that as fun as this was, I really needed to get started on my paper so I set a timer for 30 minutes and told myself, no matter what happens or where I'm at, I'll stop playing, use the bathroom and start working on my final. Fast forward 15 minutes while I'm still winning and losing, drinking and leaking. Now I'm at around an 8.5 and it's hard to sit still. My leg is bouncing and the spots on my shorts are much more noticeable. Furthermore, I'm in a position where it's becoming hard to concentrate on the game which causes me to make dumb mistakes which causes me to lose, making me have to let some out which in turn makes me more desperate!

Fast forward again with 5 minutes left on the timer and I'm starting to sweat. I'm constantly shifting and moving and hoping that I dont lose any matches as I'm not sure if I can just let a little out each time. Luckily that doesnt happen but the fact that I'm continuing to drink water doesn't help either. The timer goes off right as I'm about to unlock a new character and, in my procrastinatory fashion, decide to get this last one before I go.

Now I'm at a 9.5 and having a lot of trouble focusing, almost on the verge of letting out involuntary leaks (having to hold myself during the loading screen just to give me a bit more time). Thankfully it was quick and easy and I won the match! To challenge myself further I decided that I wouldn't get up to go until I completely saved my spot and exited to the home screen. Keep in mind the bathroom is about 50 ft away in another room so in the event that I did start to lose control, it would still be quite the trek to get to safety. Lucky me, I once again was able to hold out until I saved and exited but as I was standing up to go, those dreaded words flashed across my TV screen; "A New Challenger Approaches"

Through my grinding I had unlocked yet another character and I certainly wasn't going to wait to try and beat it. So now here I am, standing up, dancing in place, about to piss myself, and I'm trying really hard to beat this guy. About 20 seconds into the match, I start leaking in my boxers, bad. Like 1-2 second spurts and the wet spot on my shorts is growing. I decide that it's not worth the risk having an accident in the living room so I paused and quickly ran to the bathroom, fidgeting with my belt and leaking the whole way.

By the time I got to the bathroom, there was no stopping it. I had no choice but to quickly get my shorts off and just jump into the shower where i could release the floodgates into my already soaked boxers.

So now here I am, continuing to procrastinate by writing this story for your reading pleasure. It was certainly a thrill and I will definitely be trying this again. And for those that wanted to know, yes I did go back and finish unlocking that last character. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a 10 page paper to write in 5 hours XD

- LtW

*002*2019-02-12 03:29

{{2 hours ago, Redder12 said:

Very well written story. But now it looks like you have to go write a lot more so good luck on that paper

}}

Thanks! And yes, there is certainly a lot more work ahead of me XD thank you for the support

*004*2019-02-12 19:44

{{4 minutes ago, fullbguy said:

A multiplayer smash desperation experience would be fun, don't you think?

}}

I totally agree!

*007*2019-02-19 23:36

{{22 hours ago, Mbgpeelover said:

Loved this! Pictured myself watching and enjoying seeing you squirm. Thanks for sharing

}}

Thanks! ^.^ I've always wanted to become more active in the community and I figured this would be an interesting story to share

{{3 hours ago, RandomWetName said:

Cool and well written story!

}}

Thank you! I will make sure to start documenting any future ventures I decide to have. This was kinda spur the moment

