The Trigger (My first time)

Author: Tuxpuddle

*000*2011-09-08 06:46

Ah, back to second grade, when the urge to run was bigger and the bladder was smaller. Just after lunch came recess, where all the children could get all that sugary energy out in the sand and slides before sitting down and learning. I had just finished lunch and usually drank a good bit of water, but hadn't gone to the bathroom before play like I usually did. No particular reason not to, just didn't feel like I had to go.

A short time into play, I realized that I had to go, and suddenly quite bad. Time flies when you're having fun, right? Well, I go ask the substitute teacher the question, "Can I go to the bathroom?"

The teacher replies, in all her smarmy glory, "I don't know. Can you?" At this age, I have *no* idea where she's going with this. Instead, I'm rather intimidated and decide that never talking to this woman again is in my best interests.

I go and try to find something easy to do to pass the time until I can go to the bathroom, such as stand against a wall nonchalantly. This, of course, is an invitation to have two of my friends come over and start talking to me about everything and nothing. I try to listen and go along, my mind completely on the burgeoning pressure in my bladder.

I squeeze the tip of my penis, making it look like a normal "Oh no, I have an itch in my crotch" moment. This is a bad idea. The moment I let my fingers off...

(-squirt-)

One hot jet spits out into my Superman briefs. (I didn't even like Superman. I have no idea why I had those briefs.) My friends keep talking and I keep nodding. I clench my little bladder sphincter muscles, preventing any more flow. Or so I thought. Turns out my bladder muscles weren't used to holding that much, or for longer than, say, a few seconds.

(-squirt-)

At this point, it's a losing battle, with one second of warm pee per every 1.5 seconds of holding it. I try my absolute best to completely play it off, as no one has looked down at me, not even myself. The last attempt to hold it in just turns out squeezing the last of my lunch's soda into my warm, wet front. The recess bell rings. My friends walk off back to class as I tarry for just a moment. As they round the corner, I feel myself and look down. Flushed with anger at the sub for being such a (insert words I didn't know at that time), I checked my pants and felt my crotch to see how bad it was.

Surprisingly, there was very little evidence; my briefs were a little bit thicker (as most young boys' underwear is) and my pants were quite dark blue jeans. The wetness only traveled to about mid-inner thigh before my clothing had soaked it all up. My hand was cold from the pee, as my crotch was quickly becoming.

I spent the rest of the afternoon in school slightly paranoid, constantly feeling my pants, wondering if anyone would notice. After a while, I began to find this concept fascinating; I just wet myself and no one knew. I made it home just fine on the bus and when I arrived home, I just placed my undies and pants in the dirty clothes. The bad part of the story was the nasty little heat rash I got from staying wet so long. Funny thing is, I told my older brother about it shortly after I changed and he simply replied, "Yeah, it gets itchy if you don't change your clothes fast."

More stories about the development of my fetish later, as I collect my thoughts. :)

Danny

