First post - My first full on jeans wetting experience

Author: OmoGspot

*000*2022-03-05 19:31

Hi all, I'd like to introduce myself as this is my first post, 35-M-UK.

Been into omo since an early age.

Must admit this is one of the first forums I ever came across hence I would like my first post to be on it!

I am married and my wife knows about my kink, she neither likes, nor dislikes, there has been one occasion she has been able to wet her nickers while sat on the loo and a few occasions where she has pee'd on me while I was laying on bed, normally wearing boxers and always a towel underneath. However she does struggle to 'go' and more often than not gives up saying she can't. Anyway they are for another time if you wish to hear...

I have also shared experiences at uni with my previous partner, who again says she did it for me, but seemed to have less trouble 'going', some good times...

Anyway this is my first post about my personal wetting experience:

Both my wife and I were working today, she's on a 12 hours shift and I was only in for the morning so I went in did what I had to do, drank a mug of coffee and left for home. This was a Saturday so football on the telly and in between I planned to play a game called Elden Ring (on console), just nice chillout until I have to start prepping dinner for my wife to return at 20:00.

So I came home, had some leftover pizza for lunch which watching the first game, this was quite salty so I had a pint of water with that. Towards the end of first half I started to feel the need to pee (I have quite a good capacity so this was nothing I couldn't handle) however it did get me thinking... house to myself for the afternoon, I could have some fun here...

I then came up with a little game for me to play, come halftime I would play some Elden Ring (which is a game where you die a lot) and I decided every time I die I would pee a little, this would only be for half time and it would easily dry and be un-noticeable in my boxers under my jeans by the time my wife returns. What could go wrong

To reward myself with my naughty thoughts I decided to have a beer, this went down nicely to the end of fir first half at which point I could feel a nice pressure on my bladder. Perfect. So I switched over to Elden Ring, grabbed myself another beer and started playing. Sure enough took less then a minute for those fatal words to appear 'You have died' normally I get quite frustrated by this, but now this only got me excited. After a little concentration, while sat on the sofa I managed to spurt a little... boy that felt good, the wetness spread a little and trickle down. I undid by belt and button fly on jeans to have a quick check of the damage.

Nothing I couldn't handle 2/3cm circle of pee dampness. Ok... that's enough... back to the game, don't get carried away! I told myself, but then bang less that 30 seconds later I was dead again, I'd forgotten how hard this game was Still rules are rules, so I re-adjusted myself and pee'd a little more, mmmm what a rush, my dick was now starting to pulse, which makes the thrill of leaking even better as it can become un-controllable, nevertheless I managed to hold to 1 spurt the same as the first, but in another position. A quick check of myself and all good - 2 damp spots showing on my boxers and nothing to show on my jeans.

Death number 3/4/5, this was not going well (for my game) but I was having a great time. On the 3rd I lost slight control and a little spot appeared on the front of my jeans, this only excited me more. For the 4th time I stood up to try and re-direct the flow, this worked well and I could feel the wetness spread down to the bottom of boxers where they were slightly scrunched. Same for no.5 stood up and peed, walked around a bit and I could feel the warm wet patch go cool with the breeze as I moved.

Needless to I was enjoying this far too much, I decided to finish my beer at this point and carry on playing this game ignoring the football...

It soon came to the point where there were a couple of damp spots were showing through the crotch of my jeans, this was now the point of no return I could stop now, change my boxers and the rest would dry off in time for my wife to come home.

I should add that I have only told her I am into female wetting, which is true, unless its myself doing the wetting as it arouses me so, but for whatever reason I felt too shy to share this fact. What this does do however is give me the excitement of being 'caught'.

I took stock for a while and actually visited this forum to read a few stories of people sharing similar experiences, this only made my curiousity get the better of me...

Now I've been this far before having slightly damp boxers, even fully peed them while sat on the toilet, but never have I peed my jeans. Purely for the clean-up I guess, but for whatever reason, alcohol was going to my head, hormones were buzzing and I decided to keep going...

With the deaths rolling on and the beer going down, I was fast losing my control, spurt after spurt. I could no longer sit on the couch as my crotch was now feeling and visibly quite damp, the smell was great, every now and then I would reach into my boxers and feel my hard wet cock and wipe the dampness on my jeans, leaving the sweet smell lingering on my fingers.

I was now in a position where I could only kneel in front of the TV, this helped me pee for a while longer and let the dampness spread to the top of my knees, what a feeling! I've seen plenty of videos of jeans wetting, but there's nothing that can compare to the real thing!!

I wanted to experience more, I wanted to see more, so I went up to the bedroom where I have sliding full length mirrored door on the wardrobe Here I let a few large spurt go, feeling the rush, watching the spread, touching the warm damp. I crossed my legs and let more go, the feeling was immense. It was now touching the top of my socks... I had to move away from the bedroom and into the tiled bathroom.

It was here I ripped off my baggy jumper and skin tight t-shirt and let it all go in nice long spurts, pulling my jeans down half way though watching it fill my boxers and drop down onto my jeans. Then pulling the elastic back with one hand and grabbing my cock with the other held it while I peed up and onto my stomach watching, feeling, sensing it come up and dribble all the way down. Incredible!

To add to all this my wife and I are trying for kids so my personal rule is cumming, unless inside my wife, is off the cards. This is almost an omo within itself, just without the wetting part! and makes it all the more fidgety and pulsating.

I had to force myself to stand there and calm myself down, I looked down, I'd captured a lot of the pee in my jeans/boxers/socks, but still a fair amount had leaked onto the floor, I'd moved about to try and spread the pee and even that was getting me excited again.

I decided to jump in the shower with my clothes on and clean them down whilst stripping off, this is when I decided to share this story on the forum, so straight after my shower I grabbed my phone and took these pics, sorry it's not much, but should be better than nothing to help with the imagination

I'm now sat finishing typing this up and getting excited all over again, no doubt there will be more stories to follow (if you wish).

Any questions you have, I'm happy to answer, apologies if I'm much of a story writer!

$$

$$

