An evening journey out in the snow

Author: SnowyFox

*000*2020-12-29 21:51

Last night I decided to try a bunch of new things, with a lot of the inspiration coming from PrincessPeach's "Snowpants wetting" post. It started snowing last night, and I was feeling drawn towards trying to wet myself outdoors. I'm also trying to figure out some fun ways to keep my holds shorter.

I decided to give myself a challenge last night, not to hold until I lost control to wet myself, but to try to lose control from wearing out my bladder control muscles by letting out a 2 second spurt every 15 minutes. One of the goals I had with this challenge was to be able to start wetting myself, but without it being immediately visible for a while. I tried wearing a couple pairs of panties, some leggings, and some pants over that, as a way to try to hide any of the wetness at the beginning.

Originally, I had planned to try this challenge while I was working out in my garage last night. I didn't really want to wet myself with a full blown loss of bladder control out there, but I also really wanted the odds of that happening to be a very real possibility. I started the night off with a large mocha (tasty chocolate flavored coffee drink, roughly 500ml), and then continued by drinking a can of sparkling water (355ml) every 30 - 45 minutes after that.

The main part of the challenge began once I reached the point that I normally would have gone to the bathroom. I then would have to purposefully let out a 2 second spurt. I could then ask Shizuku on Discord for permission to go to the bathroom. If she said no, I would have to wait the required 15 minutes, let out another 2 second long spurt, and then I would be allowed to ask for permission again. If she said yes, then I could go the bathroom, and start the challenge over again as soon as I had the urge to go to the bathroom again.

After the first spurt, I was already seeing some quite visible signs of wetness on my pants. It was at this point that I remembered the story about wetting in snow pants. It had already started snowing outside as well, so I thought it was a pretty good sign that a change of plans was in order.

I made the short walk back to my apartment, and then removed my outer pants layer. I still had on the 2 pairs of panties and leggings. I then put on a pair of black snow pants that I hadn't worn in a couple years. I then put on a pair of long wool socks and my waterproof hiking boots.

I wasn't expecting my journey outside to last very long, so I didn't take any water with me. I did drink about 500ml of water though right before I stepped out the door. I also decided to change some of the rules of the challenge, as I was about to head out for a mile or two walk through the evening snow that was falling.

I really wanted to ensure I would fully wet myself before I made it back inside, so the new rule going forward was that every 5 minutes, I would stop and let out a 2 second long spurt, and then keep walking. My hope was that at some point during the walk, I would start a spurt that I would be unable to stop.

Walking out the door was a real rush of excitement. I had never really done an outdoors wetting like this before, and was excited and nervous for what might happen during my walk. I was also a bit scared that I would get really cold from the wetness that was about to invade the clothing between my legs.

After I was only a super short 5 minute walk away from the privacy of my apartment, I let out a 2 second leak, enjoyed the small bit of warmth that came from it, and then started walking again. The warmth from it faded pretty quickly, but to my pleasant surprise, the wet areas between my legs never actually got cold at all. Then the 5 minute timer went off again.

I stopped and let out another 2 second long spurt, and just like the prior one, I was able to easily regain control again, and continue my walk through the gentle snow that was falling. Thanks to the city lights reflecting off of the clouds above, it was easy to see everything around me even though it was dark outside. I stopped to take a quick peek at my pants when I passed one of the many street lights that was along the path I was walking on. I thought I could make out a little bit of a wet spot on my snow pants, but it was really hard to tell.

After each spurt I let out, I could slowly feel the wetness creeping lower and lower down my legs. By the 5th spurt, I could feel it reach the top of my knees. Each spurt would bring a nice feeling of warmth that would fade away to a gentle coolness. I still hadn't felt cold at all yet on my walk.

After the 6th spurt, I could tell it was becoming much more of a struggle to regain control of my bladder. I now had to stand completely still for a few seconds after I stopped each spurt, to wait for my bladder to settle back down again. My level of desperation was also feeling pretty high as well by this point too.

As I continued my journey, each spurt became more and more intense to stop. The sensations felt almost identical to what it felt like for me when I try to edge up to an orgasm. Each spurt felt like I was taken right to the razor edge between being able to stop and the orgasmic release my bladder so desperately wanted.

The 10th spurt was likely the most intense one of the night. The 3 after that were still intense, but I could feel the desperation within my bladder easing off a bit. It was also starting to get a bit late, and quickly would need to bring my walk to an end. After the 13th spurt, I decided to try to finish things off by switching to a spurt every minute.

I stopped counting at this point, but after another 5 or 6 minutes of spurts, my bladder felt like it was starting to run low of fluids. By this point the wetness had made its way all the way down to my ankles. I finally gave up and just pushed out everything that was left in my bladder.

Very quickly I could feel the warmth spread all the wall down to my feet, and I was finally feeling complete relief. I started the short walk back to my apartment, and could feel gravity's effect as the wetness between my legs kept draining farther down my legs and into my boots. It didn't take long for the squishing sounds to start emanating out from my boots.

From the outside, my boots looked completely dry. On the inside however, my toes were completely submerged. I could feel both boots slowly get fuller with each step.

I made a quick stop in my garage to make sure I had turned the lights off earlier. I also used the bright lights out there to inspect my pants. They looked completely dry to me, but I could easily feel the wetness and the contrasting dryness as I moved towards the outsides of my legs.

After I got home, I took my boots off in the shower, and could see the puddles that remained in each one. I took off my remaining layers, I was pretty soaked just about everywhere.

My journey was now complete, and it was time to quickly shower and then head to bed.

*001*2020-12-30 02:17

I'd like to repeat this challenge again sometime soon as it was oh so much fun! I think going on some omo walks in the future will be a nice and fun way to get more exercise in this winter.

I would like to change a few things though for the next time. I was a bit disappointed I didn't ever hit that failure point of not being able to stop a spurt I had started. I'm definitely going to carry water, tea, or something else I can drink out on the trail to keep a balance of fluids going in to meet or exceed the amount going out via the spurts. I was also thinking of changing the spurt duration to 4 seconds each time instead of 2.

I'm also open to any suggestions or tips on what I could do differently to improve for next time. What I'm really looking for right now are ways to make sure I will completely wet myself in a fairly short period of time, as safely as possible.

I'd also like to figure out how I can completely wet myself, but keep my boots dry so I don't have to wash and dry them out for hours after each wetting.

*003*2021-01-02 21:44

I was not wearing a diaper. I’m not really into diapers at all to be honest

*007*2021-01-03 04:07

Thanks for the tip! I will give that a try next time I go walking in the snow. I didn't notice any steam at all. The pants felt really well insulated to start with, and I had a couple layers on underneath the snow pants as well

