Almost Soaked Myself on the Beach

Author: Deceptive26

*000*2019-10-18 07:30

So this is my first ever post on Omo.org so I'm a bit excited! Been here forever but finally contributing to the large library of full bladders. Here goes nothing!

For background I was at a bonfire with some friends at the beach, nice and late at night and we stopped at a store to get drinks beforehand. I decided to get one giant Gatorade (no Omo in mind)! We sat there for a few hours and because I was just sitting down I hadn’t really felt my need. Eventually my friend says he has to pee and just walks a bit off through the sand and just lets loose out in the open but with his back turned to us. I didn’t want to be uncivilized and off in the distance I spotted out a building marked with that beautiful symbol of my salvation. I began thinking of my own urge and how it was growing. I would need to pee before we left the beach that was certain.

Eventually I figured I needed to go now or never and got up to make my way to the bathrooms. I immediately felt my need swell and the pressure began to pull down with gravity. I began to walk faster, with every passing second the urge became worse and worse. Only halfway there now and I was grabbing at myself, legs beginning to press together and I was even doubting I could even make it to the bathrooms. It was going to be so relieving! I could already feel it and how good it would be. Then I finally got to it. Miraculously I had made it and not a single drop had left me as I started pacing faster to the doors. My body preparing itself for the intense relief I was about to be granted!

I yanked on the handle but no, it couldn’t be! It wouldn’t budge! I hurriedly made my way to every other doors, locked, locked, locked! I started to pant from the pressure and the need. I couldn’t believe it, I was going to explode any second this couldn’t be happening! People had just walked nearby and even then I was bouncing up and down on the spot, really eyeing the nearby bushes but no I couldn’t do that, not with the possibility of being caught, but then again I couldn’t make a drive home. What to do what to do! Pee, I needed to pee, it’s all I could think about. My eyes were blank, my mind was overflowing, the pressure becoming worse by the second I was absolutely filled to the brim and desperate.

Then it struck me, the sounds of the waves crashing in the distance. I held my cock in a vice grip through my jeans as I looked toward the ocean, all the way on the other side of the sand. There was no other option, I HAD to make it over there. I wouldn’t wet myself no way! I started my frantic journey across the never ending sands. Each step seemed to jostle my bladder, it’s contents sloshing around inside me begging and screaming to be released. As I took a few more slow steps I felt it, my bladder was trying to force my body, urine started filling my shaft and I froze in place for a second to focus.

I gripped myself tight as the pressure nearly overtook me, I wouldn’t make it at this slow pace, I would burst for sure. I had to make a last ditch effort and just do everything I could to finally achieve the relief I so desperately needed. I held myself for dear life and began to run across the sands, the only thing on my mind was holding my bladder and making it to the water. My salvation coming closer and closer, panting heavily as the pressure was becoming intense. I just wanted to let it out right there. Seeing the water up close was enough to almost make my mind melt.

I began frantically working at my belt, piss beginning to flow downward quickly as I yanked away my belt and button, unzipping my jeans all in one swift motion. Pee, oh god I need to pee NOW! I felt I was on the cusp of full detonation right as I pulled myself out of my jeans and immediately I began letting loose. I couldn’t have held on a second longer, trying to walk further toward the water as I didn’t want to be too exposed out in the open. The relief was absolutely orgasmic, I let out a soft moan as everything flooded out of me, still panting from the effort of it and barely keeping upright. Ocean waves crashed over my ankles but I couldn’t care one bit, I had finally achieved my relief and I was relishing in the pure euphoria of it. I walked back slowly to the bonfire, relieved and mostly surprised that I had actually made it without any leaks. It’s definitely the most desperate I have ever been. It was also the greatest Omo experience I’ve had personally.

