Another Accident (Male Desp and Wetting)

Author: jonathancarroll185

*000*2012-06-29 15:47

Hi guys,

I thought I would post this with the other story. Well this was a couple of weekend's ago and I wanted to watch the prometheus film on my own as all of my friend's were busy. I had a couple of coffee's that afternoon because I was tired and I drove down to my local cinema to watch the film. I was wearing light blue jeans, briefs, t-shirt and my morbid angel hoodie, as I got to the cinema I felt my bladder starting to fill but I didn't think much of it. I bought my ticket then went into the screen where the film was to be screened and I sat next to this couple who were in their late 30's.

We were sat at the end of the row and this other couple sat next to me and to cut the story short they kept getting up and down to get out of the row, the couple next to them didn't seem too happy about it and when they sat back down just before the film was about to start, the woman said something like we are not letting anyone else out of the row until the film is finished. Me and the guy sat to the right of me said that was a bit harsh and a couple of minutes later he turned to me and said oh I need a pee now and I said so do I. I said just hold it the film should not be too long.

About 1 hour into the film, I was starting to feel uncomfortable and I look to my right where the other guy was sat and he seemed to be the same. During the film both of us were drinking coke to stay hydrated but it was starting take it's toll on our bladders. 2 hours into the film I was really needing to pee by this point and I was having to hold my dick to help me hold it and the other guy had to do the same. When the film finally finished both of us were wanting to make a quick dash but sod's law, the people at the end of our row waited until everyone else had walked down. Me and him had to hold ourselves to hold it but I knew I wouldn't be able to hold it much longer. We managed to walk downstairs and managed to make it to the toilets but there was a queue, we were stood at the back of the queue and I just couldn't hold it and pissed my jeans. The other guy lost it when I did, just after that, I walked quickly to my car and drove home in my pee soaked jeans.

I will do another hold soon.

Jonathan

