The only real pee accident I've had as an adult

Author: NotGonnaMakeIt

*000*2021-01-31 09:12

Heya, I'm new here and thought I'd share some stories. Quick intro, I'm a guy in my early 30s who's been into all things desperation and accidents for as long as I can remember. I've only had a couple of "real accidents" as an adult, though I wonder, as someone with this fetish, the extent to which I sort of subconsciously "let things happen" when I could have avoided an accident if I really tried

This happened at the end of the 2000s, when I was 21. I was a summer intern in Washington, DC, before my senior year of college, living outside of the city in Arlington, Virginia. Close to the end of the summer, one of our full-time colleagues who was a few years older than us invited us to her nearby apartment complex's swimming pool to have a few beers and celebrate with each other.

We had a nice time, probably got a little sloppy as we were a bunch of 21-22 year olds feeling sentimental about our time spent as interns. Around 9pm, we all started to head home. I had a fairly long commute ahead of me, first taking the Metro (subway) for about 30 minutes then catching a bus for another 10-15.

I wasn't long into the subway ride when I realized I definitely should have used the toilet one more time before leaving the apartment building. I'd probably had 4 or 5 beers over the course of a couple of hours, and with almost 40 minutes left in my journey, my bladder was already full. I reached the station where I'd make my transfer to the bus, and I actually asked an employee if there was a public restroom nearby. There was, but of course the door was locked because it was out of order or closed for cleaning or something

Oh well, I'll be fine, I thought. I'd never had a problem controlling my bladder, even when drinking. But as I walked to the nearby bus stop, I became more and more desperate, and I realized I'd probably only be able to hold on for another few minutes, certainly not the entire 10-15 minutes I'd be on the bus, not to mention the waiting time beforehand.

My timing was really unlucky, too. It was late enough that the businesses near the bus station were closed for the night (therefore no restrooms available), but it wasn't yet so late that the bus station was empty. There were quite a few people around, waiting for their buses, and it wasn't the sort of place you could sneak off for a pee outside without fear of being spotted at that hour. I don't mind peeing outside, but I wasn't about to risk getting arrested.

So I find myself in this situation where I could tell I was 1-2 minutes away from pissing whether I wanted to or not, there's no bathroom nearby, nowhere to pee outside without taking a major risk, and I'm 20 minutes from home.

I'm...going to piss myself, I realized, and I walked as quickly as I could to a quiet corner of a nearby parking lot, as far as I could get from the rest of the commuters. And I stood there, staring straight ahead and trying to look nonchalant as I peed my pants.

I was still wearing my swim trunks (black Patagonia baggies, thank god they were black), and I felt the pee running through them and down my legs onto the ground for what seemed like an eternity. I must've peed for two minutes. It was mortifying to have an accident in public, even as someone into this stuff. I couldn't believe it was happening, and it was kind of like an out-of-body experience. Finally, I finished, and I took my towel out of my duffel bag and dried off my legs and swimsuit as best I could. Then I calmly walked back to the bus stop to catch my bus.

I'm 99.9% sure no one saw me or realized what happened. I'm an athletic guy, at the time fairly preppy, and I didn't look particularly suspicious, or accident prone for that matter. And I was clearly coming from a swimming pool, so nothing too odd about having a towel or slightly damp swim trunks.

I stood up during the ride home despite the fact that my bus was nearly empty, not wanting to risk getting pee on a seat. As soon as I got to my apartment, I put everything into the washing machine, took a shower, and finally appreciated what a turn-on the whole experience had been.

And that's the only time I've had a pee accident as an adult.

*004*2021-02-04 12:19

{{6 hours ago, BladderLad said:

If you were stood in a corner of a parking lot peeing on the ground anyway, why did you have to wet yourself??

}}

Fair question! My subway-to-bus change happened at the Pentagon City Metro station. I'm sure there wasn't as much of a police presence there as at the actual Pentagon station (one stop away on the Yellow line) but I found that it was still significant at the time. This was only about half a decade after 9/11.

I generally have no problem peeing on a bush or tree or in an alley if I really need to and can get away with it, but the last thing I wanted was to get nabbed by a cop for peeing in public not too far from the Pentagon. Especially since I figured it was going to be a long pee where I'd be "exposed" for minutes, which ended up being the case.

It's also not the kind of Metro station that was bustling with city chaos, especially at that hour. More of a calm, suburban-ish vibe IMO. So if I was spotted peeing, it would have been a fairly odd sight. And while I was far enough away from other people that I could pee myself discretely while wearing a black swimsuit (standing around nonchalantly, "Ho hum, don't mind me! just having a quiet moment to myself after the workday."), whipping it out and peeing in the parking lot felt like it would've been too obvious.

Based on my personal risk model, I still think it was the best choice given the situation, even if it's not what I'd imagined when I left home that morning ;)

*008*2021-02-05 07:11

{{13 hours ago, BladderLad said:

That makes sense! I guess for me, the worst of all worlds would be being seen wetting myself

}}

Yeah, I hear ya. Being seen wetting myself was a close "second worst outcome" for me, but it was dark out and I had a bit of privacy, and the greater risk seemed to be getting caught by a cop while peeing behind a car vs. being caught by another commuter while wetting myself—which could have meant a lot of different things depending on who saw me, but at least it wouldn't have been illegal. Also, this is before the smartphone era, so even if someone saw me wetting, I wouldn't have become a meme.

At the time, I was a college kid who'd soon be applying for full-time jobs, and the thought of having to disclose a public indecency charge to potential employers was pretty convincing. And I was making these decisions while a little bit drunk.

But also, I was commuting by myself, heading home to an apartment where I lived by myself, wearing clothes that likely wouldn't show the accident.

If I'd been, say, wearing a pair of light-colored chinos while hanging out with a big group of my colleagues or with my girlfriend at the time (who had no idea about my fetish and I don't think would have been into it at all), I likely would have thought, Screw it, the reputational damage of being known to the whole world as the guy who thoroughly soaked his pants in public is way worse than getting booked for public indecency, I'm gonna go pee behind that bush.

I'm glad it didn't come down to that, though

