Obligatory First Experience

Author: YouDon'tSeeMe

*000*2021-06-11 00:44

I'm going to be completely honest with you guys, this story in and of itself isn't all that interesting. I apologize in advance for such a disappointing tale, but I assume that it's better than nothing. Thanks for reading, anyway!

So, not so very long ago I was preparing for some quality time for me and my favorite vibrator to the tune of some omorashi content on this site (as one does). I prefer to do this in the bathtub (because reasons) and with a full-ish bladder. This not only helps me empathize with the content, but also stimulates me more than masturbating with an empty bladder because of female biology.

As I was running the bath, I stripped down, squirming a bit as I did. Apparently, I was fuller than I had originally thought. Surely this is okay. It's just a bigger, fuller bladder to press into my clitoris. Or so I had thought.

I kneeled down to OCD at the towel that I had set out on the ground. As I fiddled with the towel the sound of running water struck me with a very strong urge to relive my bladder of it's burden. This would have been all well and good had I 1) not been on my knees and 2) not been stark naked. My natural response to the sudden desperation was to lurch forward, pressing my bladder into my knees. This forced a surprisingly small spurt of urine out of my bladder and onto my bathmat.

It was so surreal that I originally thought that I had imagined the feeling (and the sound!). But, no. When I stood up there was indeed a wet spot on my blue bathmat about the size of a stretched out quarter or two. Slightly embarrassed and very confused at what would normally be a steel trap of a bladder, I went on into the bath to attend to myself.

For the record, I tend to relieve myself as the bathwater is draining and I always follow up with a shower because the goal tends to be, believe it or not, to actually clean myself.

I can't believe that you made it this far. Thanks again for being so kind

*004*2021-06-16 02:31

{{On 6/10/2021 at 8:52 PM, NewWetter said:

Thanks for sharing this. Has this made you want to try different ways of wetting and/or leaking?

}}

A bit more, yeah! Unfortunately holding for too long tends to make me very agitated rather than very turned on. If I do explore those areas, it will most likely be purely out of arousal rather than desperation. Which, to be fair, is totally okay. I just see a lot of people pining for a genuine accident.

The grass is always greener, I suppose!

{{On 6/10/2021 at 11:11 PM, docsteve said:

Nothing at all disappointing about that story. It was great. I’m impressed that you were able to get through a bath and vibrator play when you were so full you leaked before you even got started.

}}

Honestly, me too! X-)

{{On 6/10/2021 at 11:11 PM, docsteve said:

Nothing at all disappointing about that story. It was great. I’m impressed that you were able to get through a bath and vibrator play when you were so full you leaked before you even

}}

Okay, accidentally quoted that one twice. This is fine.

{{On 6/10/2021 at 11:11 PM, docsteve said:

Nothing at all disappointing about that story. It was great. I’m impressed that you were able to get through a bath and vibrator play when you were so full you leaked before you even got started.

}}

What have I done!? (I'm really struggling with the quote function.)

{{On 6/11/2021 at 6:50 AM, ews21 said:

Not disappointing at all. It is always fun to hear about people almost making it and then losing control. Especially in your case where you challenged yourself and managed to not completely flood

}}

I'm so glad that you enjoyed it!

