Some personal experiences

Author: Casual Brit

*000*2012-10-25 00:52

Hey all, I'm fairly new to the forum and have already been blown away by the content here! So I thought I should give you all something back in return and share with you some wetting experiences I've had the pleasure of seeing. I suppose I'll begin with my favorite and the experience that really got me fully aware of my wetting fetish. I was in Year 10 (Aged 15) at the time and it was my fourth year of high school, by now I was well into puberty and as a result had become aware of my various fetishes.

Anyway this experience occurred during the small trip to the country the school had organised. It was a two and half hour journey from the school to where we were staying and given how bad traffic was that particular day it ended up taking around 3 hours. There was only one rest stop the coach would stop at on the way there which was about 30 minutes into the journey. I was sat next to a girl I knew quite well called Jess. She was fairly attractive and had shoulder length brown hair and an overall slim build. For the coach journey she wore a black short sleeved shirt under a black hoodie, she also wore a pair of black joggers with some plain Ugg boots. The main thing that I'd become aware of as I got to know her was that she had a fairly weak bladder. In most of her lessons she'd ask to use the toilet, not for missing half of the lesson and going on her phone, but because she generally needed to go.

The coach journey up until the rest stop was uneventful and me and Jess talked throughout it. When we stopped she excused herself to the toilet while I relaxed and had a chat with some friends. We got back on the coach and Jess asked me how long the rest of the trip would take, when I replied "2 hours" I noticed she looked quite concerned and immediately asked if the coach would stop at any more rest stops. I told her I was unsure and asked why, she replied she got leg cramp easily, she was never a good liar.

After around 1 and half hours of sitting patiently and watching the coach slowly weave it's way through traffic I noticed that Jess had started to fidget, she had her legs crossed and rarely stayed in the same position for too long. I asked her what was wrong, she simply used the cramp lie again but her voice was reeked with hints of nervousness. By now I knew her situation, she had to go, BAD. After another half hour she was visibly desperate. I asked again what was wrong and she immediately asked how long we had until we reached the hotel. We still had a good half hour and she was very upset at hearing this. 

She then "revealed" how she was desperate to pee and how she was generally worried she would have an accident. She was too shy to attempt peeing into anything despite the fact there was no one within another row of us and didn't want anyone besides me (Mainly because she couldn't hide it) knowing because she was too embarrassed. Another 15 minutes went by and she openly told me she couldn't wait much longer, she had both of her hands pressed again her crotch and her legs tightly together, rubbing them together constantly. She stayed like this for a few seconds before she suddenly said in a panic "Oh no, no, no, no, no!!!"

I watched as she closed her eyes tightly and bit her lip, she managed to say in her state of panic "It's coming out..." I could her a faint sound of the wetness reaching the seat and a small hiss. She was trembling, I could tell by the sound of the hiss she was still trying to hold it, but it was coming out in small but strong bursts. After around 5 minutes of this she relaxed her position and raised her head then looked me in eye. "Please, just please don't tell anyone, they can't tell because of my pants but please!" she said begging on the verge of tears. I told her I wouldn't and she gave a faint smile, the coach stopped moments later and she sighed knowing she was so close.

As my class began to depart I stood up and let her go first, saying if anyone asked about her wet seat I'd say I'd spilled a drink a minute ago or something. She stood and immediately shivered as her now freezing cold pants and bum felt the country wind getting into the coach. I looked at her bum and saw that the black joggers had masked the accident, she pulled them away to stop them from being tight and walked down the coach. I looked at her seat. It was soaked. Almost all of where she'd been sitting was flooded with her pee. 

It was at this point I suddenly became aware of something, by focusing on her I'd been completely unaware that I had a raging hard-on and it felt like it had been like that for a very long time. I initially thought this was due to me seeing her joggers tightened around her bum but then found myself unable to clear my thought of her accident, of the moment I hear the pee coming out as she did everything to hold it in. I never told anyone about it, I spent most of my time that week coming to terms with it and ultimately realized that the site of a girl wetting turned me on! Unfortunately Jess had to go home early from the trip after she sprained her ankle during some outdoor work, so I never got a chance to sit with her on the return journey.

Well there it is, my first and best wetting experience, hope you all enjoy it!

I'll probably post some more in this thread depending on reception, let me know what you think!

*003*2012-10-26 22:05

First of all thanks for the positive feedback so far, nice to know that my experiences are bringing some enjoyment.

Anyway onto my next experience, this one happened during one on the many parties one of my friends would throw when I was around 17-18. Whenever I went to one of these parties I'd usually end up seeing around 2-3 girls peeing. Since there was only one bathroom at these things it was inevitable some girls wouldn't be able to wait so they'd usually go onto the field at the back of my friend's house and lean against the fence (Keep in mind these girls were very, very, drunk and most of them were slags anyway), and the smart (Basically less drunk) ones would quickly make their way to a wooded area a short walk away. I usually divided my time between standing talking in either the back garden, the field on the back or in the living room. (Also if anyone wants I'll detail some of the more "eventful" occasion where I've seen girls peeing)

On this occasion I was sat on the top of the stairs with my friend, there were a fair number of people stood on the stairs as well as the landing. I was sat on the top stair which was next to the bathroom door. A girl I sort-of knew named Rachel came up the stairs fairly quickly and instantly made her way to the bathroom. Unfortunate another girl had occupied it moments ago and Rachel was clearly distressed by this. Rachel was a fairly small girl around 5' 7" with red (dyed) hair and green eyes. She wore a plain sleeveless white top with a black skirt without tights and a small pair of heels.

She cursed and shouted for the occupant to hurry up before leaning against the wall next to the door constantly moving her legs against each other. By now me and my friend were fully aware she had to pee. My friend simply said to her if she was desperate to just go and pop a squat. She was angry at this suggestion and explain how she wasn't going to "Pull my knickers down in the middle of some disgusting field knowing anyone could see me weeing!". Basically, she was embarrassed about going outdoors.

Around 5 minutes passed and by this point I was almost convinced Rachel was going to break down the door. She was constantly banging and turning the door nob in vain, by now she was occasionally pressing her hand between her legs which were crossed tightly, she was also bouncing in place. Luckily given how she was fairly drunk she wasn't aware how funny she looked. Then seconds later my eyes widened as I saw a small stream of pee dart down her leg. She quickly pressed both hands on her crotch and froze in place, at that same moment I heard the toilet flushing. 

She immediately grabbed the door nob constantly twisting it all the while banging on the door. I watched as 2-3 more streams darted down her legs, by this point the inside of her left leg was very wet. As the very drunk occupant unlocked the door Rachel shouted for her to move and basically shoved her out of the bathroom before slamming the door behind her. The girl who had come out shouted to her "Christ! Gonna pee yourself or something!?" before she went down the stairs.

Almost as soon as the door closed I could her rush across the bathroom and then throw herself onto the toilet, finally I heard a very strong pee stream...that lasted around 15 seconds. Curious I noticed the carpet near the door was soaked and from what I could tell the wetness continued well into the bathroom. Rachel was in the bathroom for around 10-15 minutes and herself had forced around 5-6 girls to pop a squat after they got tired of waiting. She eventually came out and looked upset, she went straight home. We noticed the bathroom was stupidly clean for a party which pretty much confirmed she had wet all over the floor.

Unfortunately I didn't get the chance to see her completely wet herself but still her desperation and her leaking was more than good enough. Again I hope you enjoy this and give me some feedback.

*004*2012-10-31 04:58

Thought I'd inform you all of a new experience I witnessed the other week.

On the street where I live my family is quiet good friends with the family directly across the road from us. They are generally nice to talk to and I'm good friends with their 15 year old daughter Samantha. Since I'm in college now and she's still in high school I don't see her as much but were still on very good terms.

Anyway while glancing out the window one day I noticed her hurrying down the street. Her pace wasn't even close to a walk it was more as though she was running. I also noticed she looked worried and distressed and then I noticed she hand her hands near her crotch. It became clearly apparent she desperately needed a wee. She got to her house and tried immediately to open the door several times, obviously it was locked. Despite this she continued to try for a few seconds before knocking quite strongly on the door (Strongly enough I could hear it quite easily). She then leaned against the wall next to her turned and pulled her phone out and quickly dialed a number (Most likely her Mum who was out hence the reason she couldn't get inside). After a short conversation she put it back in her back and waited impatiently.

Samantha was fairly attractive, she had fairly pale skin with blonde hair down to her shoulders, with blue eyes. She was wearing her usual school outfit: A blazer, plain white shirt and socks, a skirt without tights and some plain black shoes. She stood obviously desperate having long given up any ways of hiding it. This excited me as I knew she was shy and for her to be so blatant in her desperation meant it clearly was an emergency. She had both of her hands buried into her crotch with her legs tightly closed together. She stayed like this for a good 2 minutes only moving occasionally to check her phone hoping for a text from her Mum or to fidget to try and improve her condition.

Then out of nowhere I saw her look towards my house, she looked at my car parked in the drive and appeared to be pondering something. She did this for a short time before shooting a glance back at her house. She then took a deep breath and tried to regain her composure and began to walk towards my house at a quick pace. She quickly approached my front door and knocked three times in rapid succession. Even though I was in my living room I waited a few seconds to answer, before eventually opening the door to see her.

"I'm sorry could I use your loo? My mums not in and it's urgent please?" she said quickly with a voice filled with nerves.

"Uh, sure first on your right" I replied calmly pointing to the stairs.

As a moved out of the way she shot past me and raced up the stairs. I heard my bathroom door slam shut before the sounds of her quickly try and get her panties down and herself onto the toilet. I heard the sound of something splash onto the floor followed by her barely audible cursing and then a loud sigh followed by the sound of her weeing. She stayed up there for around 5 minutes (I could still hear here weeing for a good 2, she was desperate!). She came down looking a bit embarrassed probably because she'd shown how urgent a wee it was.

"Thanks, sorry I just really needed that" she said blushing.

"It's no problem, don't worry about it" I replied.

As soon as she left and went back over the road I raced upstairs noticing the occasional leak on a few stairs, right in front of my bathroom was a small wet patch on the carpet, clearly recently made. The bathroom was spotless but I could tell it had been recently cleaned.

Although I lacked seeing her wet fully the fact she had been so close and had actually leaked over my stairs and full on peed herself in bathroom was more than enough.

*008*2012-11-02 19:51

Cheers for all the kind words, as for more stories I'm not sure none of my recent life come to mind, I have a few from my childhood I'd be willing to share (These are of girls wetting that I have seen, keep in mind they would be preteen/teens) if your interested.

As for my recent life I'll see if anything comes to mind or just go out like usual and just keep an eye out.

