Planned Desperation at a Club Night

Author: Dune1001

*000*2014-08-29 18:40

TL;DR - I got deliberately super desperate while out at a club, and came home more than a little wet! Sorry if its a bit overly long for what it is, I enjoy fleshing out details

Ever since really delving into my fetish when I was about 15, I had fantasies of putting myself in a situation of being absolutely bursting in public. Like most people, I'd obviously had accidental situations of being desperate while out and about, but I'd never really put myself in the situation.

I put off doing it for a long time, largely due to nerves and shyness, as I needed a situation where I'd feel comfortable doing such a thing. I moved cities when I was 18 to go to University, and suddenly the gates of opportunity opened up by having my own flat and en-suite bathroom. Cleaning up after any wettings was made monumentally easier, as was any playing with the fetish in general! So I decided that one night when I went to a club that I attend on a weekly basis, I was going to get myself super desperate.

I arrived at the club at 10 in the evening, and started drinking. I decided I was going to drink the amount I usually do, and try and avoid going to the toilet for the whole period, meaning I was going to be super desperate by the time the night ended at 3! The night went on, and I was having a good time, getting a bit drunk, the usual that you do while out. By about 1 in the morning I'd had the equivalent of about 8 double vodkas, and decided to leave it there as I was pleasantly drunk, but not smashed enough so as to ruin the plan of the evening and become out of it, I wanted to be in control for the fun!

I was also pretty damn bursting. I could feel my bladder was really full, and thankfully I could disguise my strong need to go from the general movement to the music. However, I realised shortly after that if I didn't go to the toilet before I left, I was going to be in a seriously desperate situation, and was worried I couldn't conceal my need well enough in public at that point. Wetting wasn't a fear as I've always had a very strong bladder with good control, but I knew that I wouldn't be able to hide how bursting I was if I left it. 

I went into the toilet, locked myself in the cubicle, and decided I was going to let just some out, to help with the control. Dancing a little on the spot, savouring the short moment of not having to hide my desperation, I pulled out and let go a few controlled blasts of pee into the toilet, until I deemed myself in safe territory. When I was done, I still certainly needed to go, but knew it would allow me to get home without the embarrassment of being unable to hide my bursting bladder! However, I'd find out later I misjudged...

The night finished at 3, as is common with a lot of UK clubs, and we exited the building, the cold night air hitting me quite hard. We wandered up to the main street to get food, and as we walked I could feel my bladder bouncing, once again super full and urgent. I quietly clenched to hold it in, tensing my body and enjoying the strong urge down below. As you might imagine, my bladder wasn't the only thing that was rock hard at this point!

We got to the takeaway, and I opted not to eat as I had to concentrate on holding back the huge amount of pee in me. I realised at this point that I was actually super bursting, at the level I'd often reach in private sessions at home, but never out and about. I remember for the first time suddenly being worried, as I now had the 30 minute walk home, on top of waiting for people to eat, and I was really desperate, my bladder bulging against my trouser waistband. I gritted my teeth a little and clenched my toes tight, trying to talk to people without giving away my predicament.

People finished eating, and we set off home. I managed to keep conversation going somehow, but my brain was completely focused on how stupidly desperate I was. My bladder was rock hard, and with every step I could feel it jiggle and wobble, the fierce urge down below fighting to get out. I used one hand to quietly squeeze myself tight through my pocket, the pee fighting to get out. After about 15 minutes, I knew I was in trouble. My bladder was so full it was beginning to hurt just a little, and I have never been one for pain. I loved the stretching feeling, but once it hurts, its not that fun for me anymore. I also was starting to struggle to keep my composure, squeezing myself wasn't working and each step felt like a fight to stop the pee from blasting out!

The fact I was slightly tipsy probably boosted my confidence beyond what I'd usually do, and I decided if I were to get home without having to resort to showing everyone I was bursting, I was gonna have to do some damage mitigation. I opted to let some out in my pants, to abate the fierce urge. It was night, and I was wearing black trousers, so I figured nobody would notice. I started to let out small squirts into my pants, feeling the fabric of the briefs I intentionally wore for the night getting wet. I was still stupidly bursting, and soon I decided I need to do more, and let out some longer bursts a few times, feeling dribbles of warm pee run down my legs and merge with my trouser legs. I could feel the crotch of my trousers was damp, and the warm pee dripping down my legs occasionally was quite nice against the cold night. I was scared but felt alive, my friends having no idea I was bursting and letting pee out into my trousers as we walked!

The slight release made the remainder of the walk bearable, I was still bursting, but was able to keep my composure, although finding it a little awkward to hide the inevitable bulge that had formed in my trousers by this point. But the flirting of the release and the teasing of my bladder didn't help, and by the time I was near home, I was once again really struggling to keep my urge quiet. The last 5 minutes of the walk was by myself, and as soon I was alone I savoured the moment, tightly squeezing my dick through my trousers as I went through a dark park.

I was so tempted to completely wet myself there and then, but even though I was wearing dark trousers I knew there was a risk of being seen, particularly when I would return to my student accommodation in a large, well lit complex with lots of late night activity. Nearing the edge of the park, I gave myself a few last tight squeezes and stepped back into the light, making the last hurdle to the complex. I was amazed to see that my trousers barely showed the wetness, you could make out a damp patch on my crotch if you looked close, but the black hid my now quite wet underwear really well.

I walked quickly to my flat, my bladder bulging and urge once again super fierce. I was terrified there might be someone awake, but thankfully, as I entered all seemed quiet. I rushed to my room and locked the door, dancing a little as I fumbled with the mechanism. I stripped off my upper layers, and walked into the bathroom,standing under the shower. I took a few minutes to appreciate the fullness, feeling the bulge of my bladder, and congratulating myself on this confirmation of my control abilities. I realised that I was still probably unlikely to wet myself, as is the issue with having an iron bladder, so I opted to head for relief and completely flood myself.

It came slow at first, as often happens when I'm bursting, and for a minute I just let out small squirts and trickles, feeling the warm pee dribble down my legs. The fact I was rock hard also made it hard to get started, but it worked after time. Eventually, my bladder was teased enough and opened up, and a torrent of pee poured into my trousers. By this point I was so turned on, and as you can imagine, had a pretty amazing but short lived session of pleasure, before rinsing out my clothes and throwing them in the wash.

I've never done anything like this again, but recounting it is really making my tempted. I could have made it more concise but enjoyed remembering the details

*008*2014-09-28 23:23

Thanks for the nice comments everyone! I was kinda nervous about posting this since I've never publicised a full written story like this before, so glad to see people enjoyed it :)

