Compendium – Alexis

Author: MrBig

*000*2016-08-05 01:58

Welp, here it is. I've been waiting a lot of years to write this, but it is finally time. This is a compendium of nearly all the experiences I have had relayed to me by others, primarily female, though there are some male accounts at the end. Somehow, this isn't all of them. Some were lost during a drug-inspired mass deletion, but a lot of it I still managed to dig up. Some are on an ancient hard drive and have been corrupted over years of storage. Some are based entirely on my memory, and I am sure a few have been forgotten or will be left out.

However, let me make it clear: every single one of these is true.

Some of the relayed ones may be exaggerated, there is also the slight possibility they were outright lies, but I will honestly inform you when I suspect something of being inauthentic. There is no pandering to fantasies or anything like that here. There is no need. Many of them were told to me by people I was close to, or in relationships with, and therefore, I have a better idea of whether or not they were true.

All names have been changed, this includes mine. I am not using my normal handle for this, out of respect for the people I was with. There is the slim possibility they could stumble upon this and find something of their likeness reflected here, though this risk is almost entirely eliminated if my original handle is not used. I want to make absolutely sure I have taken every measure to make sure their identities are safe.

I will do my best to relay these in the order they happened, though I can't make promises it will be in the exact order, as my archiving of these events was generally a quick copy and paste and then a quick name that was usually pretty generic.

Nothing under the age 17 will be told in detail – not that the list is huge.

Also, as a note, I do not recommend skipping any of the accounts within a single person's experiences. A lot of them, especially early ones, contain important details in other accounts, though they should never contain overlap with other people, so the people can be read it any order.

Let's go ahead and get this started:

THIS IS ONLY THE FIRST PERSON AMONG SEVERAL. MORE CHAPTERS WILL BE POSTED IN THE FUTURE.

ALEXIS

BIO: She was my first “girlfriend.” Met her on a popular forum for something tv related, though I stopped frequenting it after meeting her. It was long distance, though she didn't live terribly far. At the time, I was maybe 15, she was 17, and turned 18 while we were together. In retrospect, it wasn't a real relationship, and it wasn't real love, but it was fun and I don't regret the times we had.

PHYSICAL TRAITS: I believe she said she was 5'7. She had long hair, brown, possibly more of a dirty blonde. She had large breasts, D size if I remember correctly, and she had a nice body, nice hips, thighs. She wasn't fat, and while I personally would not call her chubby, a person into skinnier girls potentially would, but regardless, she was well-proportioned.

NOTES: These are all on an ancient hard drive, and a lot I don't want to dig up and deal with, so I will be relaying the better experiences by memory.

ACCOUNT #1: The first account I will keep quick. This one she didn't talk about much, as she said it was quite embarrassing. It was the only time she ever wet herself in public, and it happened when she was in the first grade. Standard story, don't recall too many details. She had to go, asked, was told no, and ended up wetting herself on a chair in the middle of class. It's gets better, this is just a formality.

ACCOUNT #2: There were many times where she held it for me, and would do it until it got too bad and she would have to go. Generally, in the private chat, she would play it up, act like she really had to go, and while I am sure she exaggerated sometimes, I doubt she did it super often and I believe she was really holding it for me. One of the first things I got her to do beyond simply holding it was to go in the tub and wet herself before a shower. The first time, I got her to agree while she was already holding it, and the original plan had been to get her to do it through her panties, but she took them off last minute, much to my disappointment. She did, however, do it, and down her legs as well. She described it as warm, and said she enjoyed it because I enjoyed it. It took several months of chatting to get to this point.

ACCOUNT #3: After having had a taste, I definitely craved more. Getting her to hold it a bit wasn't a huge issue, but the wetting was generally harder. As a compromise, I would sometimes ask her to go a bit, so there wasn't a huge mess and there was no immediate need for laundry or a big risk of getting caught by her parents. On one of these occasions, she did it in a pair of sky blue shorts she tended to wear quite often – also, as a side note, she almost never wore panties unless she was on her period, so assume she is going commando unless I say otherwise. 

She said she was about an 8 on the scale of 1-10, but this was before there was an omorashi.org or an actual popular scale, and to her, 8 was bad, 9 was very bad, and despite my protesting, 10 was extremely bad, and an accident occurred somewhere higher up. So bear that in mind. Anyway, she went a bit sitting in front of her computer, and typed 'ok..rbbr ' instead of 'brb' in her hurry afterward. After about 4 minutes she returned. I asked her how much came out and she said “maybe about..more than a couple drops.” When asked how it affected her desperation, she said it “made it ante up” and that it made things worse, though she had no trouble making it to the toilet.

ACCOUNT #4: One of my favorite accounts of all time. It happened before she met me, and was rather special. This is one of the only stories that involves her in panties, and probably the only one that involves her in just panties and a shirt, as most were experienced in the sky blue shorts, or tight, black running shorts, or jeans. She said she was watching tv with her mom, and she got up to get something to drink. She said she had needed to go, but didn't remember how bad. Anyway, she ignored it. On the way back from the kitchen, she sneezed and immediately felt something warm between her legs. When she looked down, some had dribbled down onto the floor and a bit was going down her leg. She said she hadn't expected this at all and her mom had quite the laugh. She quickly went and changed.

ACCOUNT #5: Many of my favorite accounts, and you will see many of them throughout this, have been candid instances of desperation, some of them being close-calls – the closer the better. This is one instance of a “moment,” as I dubbed them, that happened to Alexis. She was walking back to her car with her friends after a movie when she noticed she had to go, but I assume it was no cause for alarm, since she decided not to (this one was before she met me, and was therefore completely candid), though she did say it was somewhat bad. When she got home, she was very late, and her mom was angry with her. She said she had to sit down on the couch and endure her mother screaming at her, and the entire time she had to desperately go.

When she got to go, she described it as a “never-ending fountain.” I asked her how long she thought she could have waited had she needed to, and she told me a minute, followed by “...seriously.” Imho this was probably a slight exaggeration, and she probably could have waited a bit longer, though it is worth noting this is the first time she had ever hinted to me about possibly losing control in such a short span of time, so I think it is reasonable to assume she was extremely desperate, and by this point she had held it for me several times. After asking what would have happened had her mom continued on for longer, she told she would have gotten up in the middle of her yelling and made a run for it, and probably would have only endured "30 seconds" more before doing so.

ACCOUNT #6: Another one of my favorites. This one also happened before she met me, but was relayed to me immediately after ACCOUNT #5, where I first asked “Have you ever been to the point where you lost control, but you were close enough to the toilet to make it? “ I then specified: “I mean you actually lost control of your bladder before you were on the toilet.” She told me she thought so and needed to remember. What she told me after that was a story where she was watching the movie titanic. She said she was crying, and had not noticed she needed to go until fairly late into it. When the movie ended, she made a dash, but said “lmao it went before I got myself to the toilet.” I asked if she had gone completely, and she replied in the negative and said it had only started. She said she had probably been wearing a shirt (no bra, as usual) and those silk shorts.

ACCOUNT #7: She said her friends had tricked her into watching a screamer once, and when the thing jumped out and screamed, she peed a little. This was not a visible amount, and was probably only a few drops.

ACCOUNT #8: She went to see a movie with her mom and toward the end her mom was having some type of “attack” and she had to drive her home while needing to pee 'BADLY' as she worded it. After that, she had to tend to her and get her something to eat, before she finally ran for the toilet and “made it just in time.”

ACCOUNT #9: This one was on Valentine's day. She used to drive to a park and go running everyday, and beforehand she would always drink of a ton of water, partially to stay hydrated, partially to have a story to tell me when she got back. On this day in particular, I am guessing she drank a bit more, and she said she “leaked “ while running, though I suspect she may have deliberately let go, or at least started the process. She said she lost control for a bit, which I believe, though she claimed to have gone about 1/8th of a full bladder, which I suspect was an exaggeration. Of note, she was on her period – toward the end of it – and therefore did this in a pad, thus the reason she was willing to do it in the first place. When she got back she said she had to redo her dad's parking, and then park her car in the correct place, and then she had to take the garbage out, all while the urge was bad. She admitted to putting it off intentionally for me.

ACCOUNT #10: Apparently this happened the next day lol. Not sure how I managed to make this happen, but I'm not complaining. Anyway, I managed to get her to stand in the bathroom and pee in her panties a bit (she had them on for her period but it had already ended, so no pad) and then immediately sit down on the toilet and finish. She did this and said she had trouble getting it started at first but managed to get a little to come out. She stopped it and sat down on the toilet and finished going through the panties, and said the only weird part was that there was some “sloshing around” when she was done. She then quickly got into the shower. This was in black shorts.

ACCOUNT #11: She went jogging in some black shorts and had to go pretty bad by the time it was time to head out. She said she “remembered me” and decided to let a little go while she was sitting in the car before driving home. She wasn't wearing any underwear and figured if anyone asked she could pass it off as sweat. She said it left a golf ball sized wet spot near her butt.

ACCOUNT #12: She was at school and was going to donate to the blood drive. She said had needed to go for awhile but was ignoring it. On the way to the drive the urge “blew through the roof” and she rushed to the bathroom, but all the stalls were occupied. She said that it came down to a matter of seconds and said she “almost pissed her damn pants.” When asked about dancing, she replied with “shifting my feet, tapping my feet on the floor, going in circles, shaking my leg, holding them together/criss crossing them. “ She said she was in short shorts.

ACCOUNT #13: Later that same day, she went home from school and took a nap. When she woke up she said the urge was pretty bad and both bathrooms were occupied by parents. She said she tried to hold it for a bit but eventually said fuck it and “bust in” on one of them taking a shower and went. She said she could have waited longer had she needed to.

ACCOUNT #14: Before I get to the grand finale, I feel I should mention this one. I have no record of it, and I am not entirely sure when it happened, though I am quite sure it was much earlier than a good bit of these. She was wearing boxers for this one, and was voluntarily holding it in. She held it a bit longer than normal, and judging by her text, seemed quite desperate. 

When I finally let her go, she said she started to pee herself on the way to the bathroom, and stopped in the tiled kitchen, where she promptly peed all over herself and on the floor. I have mixed feelings on the truth of this one, and while I do believe she peed herself, I've always been skeptical as to whether or not the accidental release aspect was true. I've personally decided that the most likely possibility is she did lose control to some extent, but had I not been a catalyst to the event, she wouldn't have stopped in the kitchen and would have continued to the bathroom, though, I could be wrong about this, because she explained to me the house was carpeted everywhere else.

ACCOUNT #15: And here is the grand finale. There are probably a few I am not remembering or have not recorded, but for the most part, these are the bulk of her more exciting desperate moments, as well as the best ones I will not forget anytime soon. This last story is one my favorite all time stories, and I am to this day surprised it turned out how it did. It happened late in our relationship and was one of the last fetish things she did for me. She swore this one was not planned at all as well. She went jogging as usual and said she drank quite a lot, mentioning an energy drink, a glass of water, and another glass of water mixed with a nutrient supplement. Apparently, she said she was in a rush, though followed that up by saying she was late to return the car to her mother, but I will add it may have been in reference to being desperate as well, and possibly a double entendre. 

When she got home, she said she “burst through the front door” and to her “dismay” she found both bathrooms occupied. She stood outside one and decided to sit down, claiming it “covers up” better. While sitting, she said she “just couldn't hold it” and “was sweaty already,” so she peed about half a bladder's worth. I believe that amount to be exaggerated, as she said none leaked onto the floor, however she claimed her entire butt was soaked, so it had to have been a good bit. When asked if this was voluntary, she said it was a mix of involuntary and intentional, and that anything she let out would have come out on its own five seconds later anyway. She said when the bathroom became available she lost control as she ran in, but managed to keep it a secret.

Anyway, that is my first “girlfriend” and some early experiences with her.

