Cold Drive Home (Male)

Author: kbeasley7

*000*2019-01-22 06:36

So...I've been lurking here on this site for years now, but I've never had anything that I've felt was important enough to share, but tonight I actually had an experience I felt like sharing!

I live in the Northern US (it was 3 degrees F outside tonight!) where it is so cold that I barely want to leave my house, much less spend any time outside. I switched jobs a few months back, and haven't seen any of my old coworkers since so tonight we decided to catch up at a bar on the other side of town (about 45 minutes from my place). It was a good hang, but at around 11 we realized the bar closed at midnight (it is a Monday night after all). At this point, I had only had a single drink (a long island), and I at least wanted to get a buzz for the effort of driving out to meet everyone. I ordered 2 more drinks before last call, and proceeded to drink them fairly quickly.

I will say I'm blessed with a fairly large bladder, and rarely end up in situations where I really get desperate. However, once the bar kicked us out just after midnight, I was still pretty tipsy (I don't drive if I'm even remotely feeling any alcohol) so I decided to sit in my friend's car and catch up until I felt sober enough to drive home. As soon as I left the bar I realized I had made a mistake by not peeing before I left, but although the drive can be uncomfortable sometimes, I always make it home dry. However I underestimated how much I had to drink (3 long islands plus a bunch of water to sober up in about 2 hours with no peeing). I sat in my friend's car for a LONG time just chatting, then eventually decided it was time to head home.

As soon as I left, I started the mental games to convince myself I didn't really have to pee, but the amount of liquid I drank, combined with the cold made those not work well. There's only one gas station on the drive back (the bar is in the middle of nowhere) and it was already closed by this point. I got about 15 minutes into the drive and realized I wasn't gonna make it. I looked around and realized I was the only car on the road, so I pulled over, jumped out of my car and let out a long relaxing piss into the snow. I got about halfway empty before I saw headlights in the distance, which forced me to cut it short and jump back into my car before someone else pulled over to catch me in the act.

The release felt amazing, and allowed me just enough to make it home before my bladder completely refilled. When I got home, I ran into the bathroom and let out another surprisingly long pee until I was completely empty. As someone who's new to this, I gotta say, there's nothing like the rush of peeing in unexpected places!

