The other day

Author: Takumi

*000*2012-09-13 19:15

Yesterday I wasn't feeling well, and so I took a nap. However I neglected to use the bathroom before my nap as my dorm room is right across the hall from it so there's never a long walk if rushed, and I didn't have to go that badly anyways. There was just a small pressure, but not the usual desperate squirming that drags me out of my comfy bed and away from the Internet.

Well I woke up an hour and a half later REALLY having to go. Worse than I'd ever make myself wait on a normal day. Like it was all I could do to keep from wetting myself as I climbed out of bed, thankful, not for the first time, that my bed isn't lofted. I was wearing black jeans so I knew any leaks wouldn't show, but I would still rather avoid having to shower change before scampering off to my last class of the day, where I'd just get hot and gross again, so I was trying with all of my might to hold it. So I climbed out of bed, legs crossed tightly and proceeded to do my little 'sexy shuffle' over to the door, hips swaying as I crossed my legs with each step, trying to keep my breath even as I slowly open the door and look down both sides of the hallway, making sure nobody would see my mad dash to the bathroom.

I look to the left, and it's all clear. I look to the right, and damned if the cleaning people hadn't taken that time to 'decommission" the bathroom for cleaning. Yes the cleaning slot was from two to three, but usually they were there between three and four.

I groaned and looked down the hallway again judging my options, leaning in the doorway squeezing my muscles as hard as I could while staying nonchalant. There were four possible options. Walk a hundred or so yards down to the end of the hallway, and then another ten to the bathroom by the elevator, walk fifty yards the other way and down a flight of stairs, before walking another fifty yards to the bathroom on the floor below, try to wait out the cleaning or try to go in my sink.

Well the stairs were out because all of that jostling would make my muscles give in fully. The sink was out because i'd have to climb on a chair to avoid making a mess, same ending, and a painful twinge in my bladder told me that waiting would also result in a mess. So after inching out of my room I began my walk.

It was slow and somewhat stilted but for the first fifty yards it was successful. But when I passed the halfway point my next step brought a feeling of warmth that had me freeze in my tracks, squeezing with all my might. It was just a little spurt, barely even a second. I knew I had to hurry, even though I was wearing dark jeans I had no intentions of completely wetting myself in the middle of the hallway.

Each step closer brought another spurt though, and I felt it dampen my mint colored underwear completely before slowly dripping into my jeans. I did make it to the bathroom, and squirmed out of my jeans to sit on the toilet with relief though, surveying the damage. Though the underwear definitely were soaked through, my jeans we're surprisingly dry.

I think the best part was that nobody noticed on my way back. It gave me a giddy feeling of 'I know something you dont'

