Omo in my personal life

Author: KiraFan

*000*2022-04-22 21:32

At one parents house, I'm close to the bathroom, however, I'm often forced to hold it for long periods of time because there are 9 people in the house and only one bathroom. I also hate going right after someone else because I'm shy about being desperate. The room I stay in also has 2 other occupants, and, due to my shyness, I've gone to the kitchen to squirm several times, and have even pissed in the grass outside behind the garage when I knew I wouldn't be able to wait.

At the other parents house, there are only 5 people, however, I'm a floor away from the bathroom, and since schedules are tight with school (not for much longer ) and I hate getting right out of bed, I usually stay in bed and get off to a full bladder until I feel like I can get up and get dressed, however, I often don't notice how bad I need to pee, so when I get up, I'm DESPERATE, and I don't have time to get dressed and go downstairs, so I end up peeing into my dirty laundry.

I don't pee at school unless I'm bursting, so I'm often full or dehydrated. I also hate asking to go, so I'll typically try to wait until lunch. I've just barely made it to a bathroom at school or home on several occasions, and one time, I ended up wetting as I was undoing my pants after getting home from a total of 3 hours of holding 7 cans of some sort of seltzer drink.

One time I pissed in my bed on purpose, and, because of an amazingly absorbent mattress protector, not a drop got on my mattress. I'm considering doing it again, but washing the laundry was so risky last time, and I already have my pissed baskets to take care of.

I used to pee into used scented candle jars, as the smell of the candle would mask the urine smell one it was poured out, and so could be reused, but stopped soon after the urine began to seep under the wax and I couldn't pour it out anymore... O-O

I pissed myself in front of people several times, due to laughter and long holding sessions, luckily only a small amount capable of being hidden long enough for me to run away from the situation before anyone could notice.

Pissing on top of someone while we are both still clothed is a huge fantasy of mine as well as watching someone attractive and reserved have a public accident in formalwear as well as causing a bondage related wetting with a consenting sub.

