Drive Through Desperation

Author: ews21

*000*2019-12-09 04:12

So, this is my first story so be nice please.

I had had a number of wettings this evening while on discord. These wettings were from a number of factors related to too much water and too long holding. After the third wetting, I decided to get food but nothing was open except for a McDonalds so I decided to get McDonalds. However, because of the number of times I had already wet my pants at this point, I decided to wear protection to be safe. The protection was a pull up style diaper and the hopes I would not pee while getting food. Granted, I did go and get food when I started to feel the urge again but what could go wrong.

I drove to McDonalds, about a 5-minute drive, and already felt the water hit my bladder. But as I did not want to turn back, I drove there anyway. I reached the start of the drive through line and it was long. As this is one of the few places open late, everyone who wanted food was there. I started fidgeting at this point as I felt the water really kick in and knew it would be a photo finish to make it through the drive through much less back to my place.

As the three cars ahead of my ordered, I started feeling the need to pee grow more and more. Eventually I had to use my hand to help hold. I could not cross my legs as I was driving and I could not use more than one hand as I needed to drive. I was fast approaching the point of leaking but I kept holding on. I finally, after probably 10 minutes ordered the food and had to drive to the first window. The first window represented the first challenge as I had to pay for the food and remove my hand. Not knowing how long I had, I took my hand away as I approached the window and grabbed my card. As I handed the card over, I felt the first leak stream into the pullup. I could not stop this leak as I was handing the card to the person and all I could do was squeeze my thighs together enough to not lose it right there. He handed the card back and I moved forward as fast as possible so I could grab myself again.

Now came the wait for the person in front of me to get their food. It felt like it took forever though it must have only been a few minutes. I was using two hands to hold my pee in at this point as I wanted to not wet myself in a drive through line. Suddenly they left and I could pull forward at last. At first it seemed a victory as I finally could get my food, however I still had one final challenge. I had to reach out of the car and grab the bag. I had resigned myself to this fact and braced as well as I could but it was to no avail.

My bladder gave out and I could not hold back the pee anymore. It started as a leak then quickly went to a full waterfall as I was there peeing the whole time I reached for the bag. I eventually brought the bag into the car and had to wait as the person brought the drink. I resigned myself to peeing myself in the pullup while the person filled my soda. It was strange, as I had to give pleasantries to the person while finishing peeing my pullup, yet liberating at the same time. Eventually I finished peeing while I started driving back to my place. It was a warm ride and very wet but I think it was worth it. And I ate food too which is nice as I was hungry.

*002*2019-12-09 04:53

{{24 minutes ago, Calvin1 said:

Great story. Thank you for sharing. Must have been quite an exciting feeling though, sitting there peeing while having your food handed to you.

}}

It was strange having small talk with someone who has no idea you are fully peeing in your car. That and wearing a pullup during the whole ordeal added another element of strange to the situation

