Couldn't wait and used the opposite gender bathroom

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-02-27 03:38

I am not sure of anyone has ever experienced this or seen someone do this. One time last year I was so desperate for the bathroom I couldn't hold it. I went into another gender bathroom. I drank some coffee during my breakfast and later one went out with my mom to the grocery store. By the time we left I did feel the urge to urinate. It wasn't as bad at first. But after waiting in the car I was desperate and no matter how much I tried to hold it the urge kept coming back. It was getting stronger and I just couldn't shake it off. Eventually I went inside and went straight for the men's bathroom. It was occupied and I couldn't wait. I still can't believe what I did and I knew it was wrong but I was bursting big time. I went into the ladies bathroom and proceeded to use open my pant button.

However, before I could fully open my pant button and pull down my clothes, I started spurting twice before I was involuntarily peeing myself and wetting my jeans. Finally I opened my pant button and pulled down my jeans. And I sat on the toilet. I peed a strong stream freely but I was so desperate and relief finally overcame me. Afterwards I cleaned myself up but noticed the huge wet stain on my jeans. Plus I was so scared a woman was waiting outside for me and of I opened the door I might be seen as a perve. When I opened the door no one was outside and I left right away. Of course I washed my hands but I left with my mom. I was just glad no one saw me or called the cops. Has anyone felt so desperate that they had to use the bathroom even if it was for the opposite sex?

*002*2022-02-27 05:08

It was the first time I did this. I was so desperate but if I didn't who knows what would have happened. I can't imagine what its like for females. I wonder what they think. Would they see this as wrong or be more understanding.

*004*2022-02-27 13:58

Thank you for the advice Roronoa Zoro.

*007*2022-03-08 15:47

{{2 hours ago, Goldenretriver said:

I remember once seeing a woman use the mens toilet, nobody seemed to mind. Although I think women might feel uncomfortable if a man went into the woman’s toilets

}}

Strange it is seen as okay for women to use the men's took but not the opposite.

*009*2022-03-09 02:10

Honestly, I never told her and she never noticed.

*011*2022-03-09 13:20

Sadly we don't have unisex bathrooms in regular public bathrooms in USA. We are still a nation of privacy. I hear Japan has unisex bathrooms and share showers too.

*013*2022-03-09 16:56

It is usually seen as okay for small children to go inside the bathroom with either parent. May be that is why no one said anything to you.

*015*2022-03-09 23:49

{{3 hours ago, Mystic007 said:

Honestly if we don't account childrens that go to the bathroom with parents, where I live it's... i wouldn't say common, but it isn't strange that ladies go into men's rooms and vicrversa, although it seems that no one complains about ladies going into men's as long as this doesn't extend the queue for much time, presumably becuase we ladies tends to have much longer queues and mens happens to be nice with us, but it seems less acceptable if mens go into ladies's room and I don't understand why, it's misogynistism BUT UNO REVERSED

}}

It is misogynistic.

