My start

Author: jenmai

*000*2012-06-26 07:57

Well, I'm new to the site, glad to finally have a place where I can feel safe talking about my fetish! Here's just the story of how I grew into the fetish.

I started very young, though I can't say for sure how... In my case, I can't think of a specific event that made me become interested in wetting, I just always thought about it. I guess it could be from when I was very very young. I went to this small daycare, and one of the boys there blatantly refused to pee in a toilet. Whenever I saw him, he was peeing on walls, on the floor... I was very young, but I knew the "wrongness:" of it, but also the freedom. I never had the courage to join him, but others did. After that, I can't say for sure when it started happening, but I more or less daydreamed of desperation and wetting. My imagination just went wild, from tv show characters, to people, even video game characters, I just imagined them... desperate. I never told anyone, though I explained many of my other imaginative ventures (I once told my family that I had 5 wives and 100 children) But it wasn't just that, I wanted to see it happen, for real.

The next big event was probably around 2nd grade. There was a girl in class who had bladder problems, and for the sake of privacy, I'll call her Sarah. Sarah was the one person in class who wouldn't be checked on in the bathroom. If someone else had to go, they just had to wait. I only had to go once after her, but after she got out and I walked in, I noticed a smell. I didn't think a whole lot of it at the time. It wasn't particularly bad, just a bit odd. It made all the difference the second time I smelled it. It was probably about 3 weeks after that event, when we were all sitting down on a wall, waiting to enter the library. I was sitting next to Sarah, when I suddenly smelled that very same peculiar smell. I still didn't quite make the connection, though I had my suspicion.

But it never occured to me that she would just wet her pants, no squirming, no moaning, whatever. She just raised her hand. The teacher walked over and Sarah whispered in her ear. The teacher replied "Ok, just stay sitting down then." After we had entered the library, I got the sense to ask the last person in line what had happened. He, and a group of his friends were all laughing "She peed her pants!" And suddenly, my thought was validated. That smell was her urine! The only reason I hadn't figured it out was because of it's peculiar smell. Probably something to due with her condition. It had a much sweeter smell than any other urine I had come into contact with. I wasn't terribly excited by it, just glad that I was right. I still had those daydreams, but few of them involved her, though I did think about it.

After that, the only other thing I got into was wetting my swimsuit, which I enjoyed more so than just peeing outside. I would always do it, at first with a hose running over me, and then with a near dry swimsuit, letting the pee go, then washing off.

The thing that thrust me fully into the omorashi world was puberty. At that point, I realized that a full bladder made me feel good. Very good. I didn't quite understand that part of it, but I had learned about sex, masturbating, and porn. A very close friend of mine and I actually used to masturbate (Or try, anyway) together, looking at various things on the internet, "exploring our sexuality" etc. It felt very good, but neither of us actually achieved orgasm. Finally, one night I had a full bladder, which made me very aroused. I started dreaming up fantasies again, when I thought about my old wetting fantasies. So I decided to let loose a small stream, just to feel it. And bit more. And a little more.

The whole time, my frigging became more intense, until I let loose one last stream and then came heavily, for my first time. It was the most amazing experience, but I quickly realized that I had drenched myself in the process. I surreptitiously washed my sheets, and started bringing a couple towels, or some old clothes to bed. This worked well, because I did my own laundry. This went on for several weeks, where some nights I would let just a little out, and others I would flood through the towels and experience earth-shattering climax. I started wetting my pants on purpose, though not too often. I did it in the shower a few times, but eventually I worked up the courage to wet on the bathroom floor, because showers and toilets to me have always been, well, boring.

The floor added the element of realism I was looking for. At the same time, I discovered some videos on youtube that showed wetting and desperation. And I realized that this over all other adult content, was amazing. I watched several videos, and found more and more. Masturbation became a nightly ritual more or less, because the element of pee mess was becoming more removed. Sure I would still wet sometimes, but the videos meant that I didn't have to. Better than that, I had my own fantasies in my head, that would evolve as I went, and meant that I didn't have to sneak around on the computer. It was pure enjoyment!

As far as I know, my wetting-capades were never discovered, but a couple of my internet porn sites were (Neither was directly connected to wetting). So to this day, only three people know of my fetish, all friends (and one girlfriend) that I confided it. None of them really understood it, but, they never complained or were disgusted, so I suppose that's just fine.

I've altogether stopped any wetting now, mainly because it's an inconvenience to clean up, etc. But I do still watch wetting videos religiously. I never had another pee sighting (except in the family, which I personally don't count).

Well, that's my story. Let me know what you think :-)

*001*2012-06-26 09:02

Accidentally double posted

So I decided to type this instead. This is my first stab a writing one of my fantasies out. Constructive criticism would be appreciated.

My crush and I were in our small backyard pool together. Her black hair clung to her neck, but her bangs still framed her beautiful brown eyes. The pool is only 4 feet deep, and the water level is low, so I still see most of her. She moves a lot.

"Hey!" she says.

"What?"

"Are you just going to stand around and stare at me? Or are we going to do something?"

"...hmm. Alright, a jump challenge it is then!"

We race to the ladder, she gets there first. I follow. She's shorter than me by about 5 inches. I notice for the first time that she's fidgeting a lot. Why is she doing that? Does she lik-

"Alright, I bet I can reach the beach ball over there!"

"You're crazy! You're way too short!"

"It's not the height, it's the running start, and I'm much quicker than you!"

"Your not supposed to run near a pool, you know"

She rolls her eyes, runs, then jumps. She misses the ball, by about 3 feet.

"Not even close!" I yell.

"Lets see you do better!"

I run and leap, with a great hang-time. I don't feel a ball when I splash down.

"~by about 6 inches. Really close. I'll try one more time, but then I've got to go to the bathroom."

It hits me then. She's been fidgeting because she has to pee! I am excited, but I hate it. She's in a controlled environment. A bathroom is about 30 yards away. She has enough control to stick around here a minute. There won't be any accidents here, and trying to peek on a girl peeing is frowned upon anywhere. I still can't help but look at her small butt, rounded out by the swimsuit as she dances a bit from the cool breeze and her apparent minor desperation.

"Alright, I'll get further back this time." She says.

She starts her sprint, but her third step just slides out from under her. She falls, and doesn't make it to the water. I hear her slap the concrete. I am already out of the pool, ready to help her, when I hear it, a hissing sound. I look and see she's peeing fully into her swimsuit. The thick waterproof material amplifies the sound, enough that I can hear it clearly. The puddle is growing quickly, and I see her crying.

"Are you alright?"

"Ah- My legs pretty messed up" she grimaces.

The stream stops. My heart is racing. Did I really just see that? This girl, the one I've had my eye on? Impossible... but amazing! Sure it was short, but... wow.

"Here, I gotchya"

I pick her up, resting her fresh peed bum against my chest. I only make it a few steps, when I feel the warmth start to spread down over my stomach.

"Ahhhhh, I thought I could hold it! I'm so sorry!"

The hissing intensifies. She was still holding back a lot. I feel the warmth spread over my chest and stomach, down my legs. The pee pools in the crevices of my arms, and between her legs, making the hissing still more noticeable. She just can't stop. Her tears cease as the relief pours over her, letting her forget about the pain in her leg. She lets out a small moan. Her stream hasn't weakened any, and it's been thirty seconds. She must have a bladder of steel.

"I am so sorry, I just... I really had to go."

"Don't worry, I totally get it."

Her weight shifts, and sends pee rivulets traveling down her legs. The warmth of her body against mine, the urine hissing, and the warmth traveling down my legs intoxicate me. 15 more seconds before she finally finishes.

It occurs to me that I haven't moved since she started, I quickly start moving. What will she think? Will she know? What was I thinking that I could just stand there, an-

"Hey, thanks for not freaking out, although you seemed a bit, err... peaceful? Has this sort of thing happened to you before?"

"No, never. That's my first time having a girl pee on me." I smile.

She sighs closes her eyes in thought.

"I'll probably regret asking this," she says, her face contorted out of inner conflict. "Did you like it?"

How the hell do I answer that? Yes? No? Maybe? If I say yes, I might just be admitting I'm a freak. Tell her no, and it could be that she's into it. I can't figure out what I should say to her I mea-

"You did, didn't you? I could tell."

Well, that answers that...

"If you liked that, you should see what I do when I'm by myself"

Her smile is positively demonic....

To Be Continued...

Sorry it's short! It's late, and I'm tired. Let me know what you think, what I could improve on for next time though!

