Have You Ever Asked Someone Out on a Date Just Because...

Author: dirtyoldman

*000*2020-07-26 16:02

Have you ever asked someone out on a date just because that person had a reputation for doing it in their pants?

When I was 17, the spring carnival came to town in May as usual. Our high school crowd of "tough girls" was there. One of them, named Linda, went on one of the "scary rides" where they whirl you around really fast in a cage. When she emerged, her jeans were soaked. The other "tough girls" hustled her out of the carnival, probably because most of them were carrying alcohol or marijuana and didn't want to attract the attention of security guards or cops. For the next week I couldn't get to sleep easily because my dick was throbbing painfully hard just thinking about her. So even though we didn't really run with the same crowd, I just had to ask her out on a date. She said yes, but we didn't really connect.

Has anyone else asked a person out purely and simply because they did it in their pants and it made you so horny you couldn't stand it?

*006*2020-07-27 05:45

A connection with "the fetish" definitely doesn't mean that you will be compatible with that person in any other way. I asked Linda out on a date because of her wet pants, it is true, but the date went nowhere. We hung out with different crowds, and it soon became clear that we had nothing in common and not much to say to each other. We made out for a while, but even with that we were kind of on a different page from each other, different styles of expressing ourselves physically. Silly though it may sound, the only really sexy thing about our date was that her little denim skirt was so short that I could see her panties whenever she was sitting down.

These days I try to make sure I have an emotional connection as well as a lot of trust with another person before I ever raise the issue of fetishes.

*009*2020-07-27 13:32

@lhansen also said: "The thing that always helped me was waiting until the trust was there." I think that is the cornerstone. You can know people for a few years and never be sure that it is okay to talk to them about fetishes. You can know someone for just a few days and be sure that it is okay.

