Morning's Work

Author: Depression

*000*2010-11-02 14:44

One Tuesday morning (this morning) I lay in my bed dreaming of weird stuff.

Sooner or Later...I woke up and morning's light flashed in my eyes.

I smiled to myself and crawled up my hard bed to lay my head on my pillow and think about anime.

I continued to lay there thinking about anime without notice of my Powerfull need to pee.

I noticed it...But I continued to lie down lazily on my comftable...hard bed with anime dancing in my mind.

I was thinking about Kagome with one hand in between my legs...'Whoa I really need to go' I thought to myself.

I sat up removing the blanket off my head...That meant...I wanted to wet myself.

I looked around my room...then my eyes found my pink tight leggings meaning I was going to pee in them.

I jumped up with one hand pressing to my crotch, and I picked it up without notice that pee was leaking from me...I wanted to do this work quick...Because my Mum or big brother could wake up any minuite.

But I needed a cover to go. I started skipping around around comfably looking for whatever, 'I gotta find them...Ooh...I'm pee-peeing in my pants and I LOVE it!" I thought to myself. Pee was leaking from me...and anyone could wake up any minuite, so I never minded and ran to the toilet.

'I can't do this' I thought to myself...I peeled my panties off to leave my jet of pee into the toilet.

Hot Urine shooted like a jet and splashed into the toilet-water until my bladder was empty...or I thought...My bladder was empty...just when I pulled up my panties, I felt another urge to pee.

I freed my bladder letting hot liquid run through my bladder and wet my pink panties a dark pink, Hot liquid passed through the leg of my tight leggings and splattered onto the floor. Then my Urge used up.

I smiled to myself...and I grabbed my blue pants and underwear from the corner of the bathtub to wear it, then I sweeped away the pee on the floor.

After I did...With hope that nobody had woken up...I creeped out of the bathroom and headed to my room.

I tucked my soaked pants under the bed and sat on the other edge of the bed to wear my boyish pants to start the day. After I wore it I felt the smell...

The smell of pee! I hopped out of my place and got on my knees under the bed pulling the air into my nose, but I didn't smell it anymore...I smiled and squished the pants into a safer place. 'Phew' I thought to myself as I picked up my nightmare before christmas shirt from the floor. As I was slipping it on, I stopped in the middle thinking about anime...Without notice of the footsteps in the hallway...

I sensed the door opening behind me...and I turned my head back to my mother.

Her straight face turned to a smile "Whats up?" she whispered.

"Ok" I whispered with a smile.

"Lets go"

My smile faded away "Where?" I whispered. I knew it was to my grandma's house.

"To Grandma's"

"Ok"

I smiled, I wanted to leave the house straight away so nobody would suspect I wet myself :)

She left to the bathroom, and I finished the rest of my shirt, but I was worried if I hadn't swept all the pee away...I freezed...

I smiled comftably When I heard the hissing noise of my mother peeing coming from the bathroom...With a smile, I walked out of my room and shut the door behind me.

