Sifting through the ore of entries past - so you don't have to [Wetset archives]

Author: Apan

*000*2021-01-16 02:24

It was twenty years ago today, Sgt. Pepper taught the band to... skim the newfangled internet for authentic female desperation stories. (Have you heard that one about John Lennon and Yoko Ono celebrating their first christmas together with urine-filled condoms adorning their bedroom? That's a couple of steps too far for my own tastes though, besides, the walrus was Paul). Actually, it's more than 20 years; as of today it's 22 years since the currently featured archived Wetset forum entries were posted. I've worked with people who were not even conceived then! (And some of the signatures may not even be around today, but let's not ponder upon such dark matters). What I'm trying to get at is that the internet is old and so is some of its desperation content, but still there are undisclosed nuggets to be found from these ancient (oh well...) days of digitally conserved uromania, even for such indigenous lurkers as yours truly.

What I'm really trying to get at is that in a fit of lurklust in conjunction with the current Wetset forum still being under maintenance, I decided to kill some time by checking out whatever part of the old forum was currently featured and wouldn't you know it; I stumbled upon a not inconsiderable amount of worthy stories that somehow managed to escape my ever-spying eyes all those years ago when the Wetset forum was the source for all things female desperation, story-wise. And a lot of misspelled dreck as well, but that's to be expected.

Thusly, guided by my own preferences, I took the liberty of compiling some of my better finds here below. They are all to be found in the open on the currently featured foru $$ from 1998-99 for anyone who feels the need to kill as much time as I did. For everyone else, here is my yield, exclusively revolving around female situations.

###

Starting off with some deliberate wettings:

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/26495.htm

- Girl casually pisses herself in a store. No depiction of desperation to talk about, so not very arousing on my part.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/26823.htm

- Girl pisses herself deliberately during a round of pool. Desperation featured but still a turn-off due to it being deliberate.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/26517.htm

- A woman gets herself desperate and goes shopping. Once again deliberately, so I don't much care for it.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/26541.htm

- Two girls smoking outside a club/pub and semi-deliberately wet themselves one after the other. Not much of a build-up though.

Some milder albeit unintended desperation/wetting accounts:

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/27081.htm

- Girl gets desperate during a canoe outing. Not too exciting as she apparently makes it eventually. Also featuring some laugh-induced desperation along the way, which is a turn-off for me personally.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/26955.htm

- Drunk girl is with a friend at a restaurant. She has already wet herself and only the aftermath is described.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/25087.htm

- Woman at a gas station watches another woman from afar being desperate while talking in a mobile phone. Added aftermath with a tell-tale puddle but no depiction of an actual wetting.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/25983.htm

- A couple of short accounts. One with a woman who had wet herself during a campus pub round in which the narrator speculates about the desperation beforehand. The next one with him teaching a poetry class in which a girl stealthily wets her jeans.

Some fear wettings:

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/26969.htm

- Girl gets caught shoplifting and totally floods herself out of fright. Quite arousing but not much of a build-up and no desperation beforehand.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/26120.htm

- Girl tells about a couple of school incidents, one during which she simply wets herself just before class dismissal and one where she's being scolded by her teacher and wets herself multiple times out of fear.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/25762.htm

- Girl tending a sandwich shop gets desperate but is being held up by a customer who proves to be out to robbing the place. She wets out of fear at gunpoint which ruins it for me.

A few brief straightforward wetting stories:

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/26460.htm

- Brief story of a girl's mom who comes home desperate after a visit but doesn't make it inside.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/25335.htm

- Girl unexpectedly wets while waiting for an exam in university. No desperation, just sudden part-wetting.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/23916.htm

- A girl is desperate in the toilet line at a pub and is not being let in front despite her state. Really good one, but alas way too short and scarse on details.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/25616.htm

- Guy retelling two accounts of her girlfriend. In the first one she's desperate during a class in which a guest speaker is holding court so she dares not asking to be excused. The second one is a geography outing where she gets caught short and finally gets excused and sprints back to the school to use the toilet.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/25068.htm

- A couple of school stories, the first one with a girl trying to hide her desperation but ends up wetting herself while in the queue for an ice cream booth. The second one with another girl being so nervous for a history test that she ends up wetting herself.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/24539.htm

- A guy telling about a woman in spandex pants who's desperate in a store with no bathrooms, and finally goes into the next store which has a bathroom although it requires a key. The woman ends up partly wetting herself. Had the potential of being a good story but is severely lacking in detail and buildup.

Some a bit more elaborated accounts:

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/26509.htm

- Woman on a camping trip, wakes up in the middle of the night super desperate and tries to get away from her tent to relieve herself before it's too late.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/26259.htm

- College girl desperate during a flight and is repeatedly hindered from getting to the toilet by the flight attendant. This is a good one IMO.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/26228.htm

- Guy tells about her girlfriend who's working late at a service station and gets increasingly desperate as she has to serve customers. She's trying not to have an accident and... well, read on.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/25200.htm

- Woman gets woken up by a phone call and gets increasingly desperate throughout. Finally she manages to end it and just about makes it to the toilet, but only to piss through her panties and pantihose.

A coupe of explicitly fictional ones:

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/25785.htm

- Girl desperate in a big library and gets temporarily trapped inside the stairwell outside by some bloke who noticed her beforehand. Unplausible, but then again, it's stated fiction.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/26549.htm

- A guy encounters a desperate girl with her car broken down along the road as he's driving home for the night. He gives her a lift home and she's getting more and more frantic. Good story if you disregard the last couple of sentences.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/23910.htm

- A gang of girls on a hen night have chained themselves together for the occasion. The narrating girl ends up pissing herself while trying to get out of the pub with the others dragged along. Good story although it's explicitly part fiction, but the chain backdrop is rather silly and not very plausible. Incidentally it seems that the chain thing was actually part of the original real-life account on which the story is based. Just goes to show that it's not whether or not anything actually happened that makes or breaks the authencity of a story.

And, what I'd like to call, the borderline bullshit section, thusly named for the ubiquitous intimacy features which only detract from the authencity, as well as the occasional unlikely scenario and/or reaction of the protagonists. But, no stone unturned:

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/26061.htm

- Female fire dept volunteer wets herself in her fire uniform in front of her husband during a clean-up of a firesite.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/26050.htm

- Girl unexpectedly wets herself during an exam with the narrator's hand in her crotch.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/24666.htm

- A guy telling about a date with a girl who ends up getting desperate in a park and finally pisses through her pants while being drunk.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/24848.htm

- A guy watches two desperate girls in a phone booth. A bit far-fetched cirmunstance and not very believable IMO.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/24301.htm

- A woman works as a cooking utensil demonstrator and is desperate during one such session and ends up wetting herself in front of an oblivious audience behind the display counters. A bit too much sexually charged embellishment to be believable.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/26105.htm

- A guy telling about a job interview with a desperate girl during which he tries to delay her and make her have an accident. Really stupid story and probably made up. Totally non-believable circumstances and unplausible reactions by the girl and I hesitated to include it here if only because of that, but might be of interest anyway.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/24096.htm

- A guy and his girlfriend is going out with a few of his friends, first to a restaurant and then a movie during which the girl gets desperate but is too shy to go to the bathroom. Afterwards she manages to tag along with the other girls to the cinema restroom but they all return as they were too busy. She gets more and more anxious and after a stroll through a mall and a taxi ride, she makes it to the elevator though. Could have been a good story if not for the over-intimate ending spoiling the believability. Cut it off right before the end and pretend it was featured under...

Getting very near the end - the really good ones:

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/25460.htm

- Two girls going on an air balloon ride. Both are desperate and tries to find relief before the ride but fail and they take to the skies with bursting bladders. Good one, this, even if the unusual setting is a bit distracting.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/24761.htm

- A woman tells of her getting incredibly desperate on the way home on a bus and tries to make it to her apartment before it's too late. Also really good and believable.

And I've saved the best one for last:

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/25471.htm

- Two stories featuring a girl telling of her experiences in a Red Cross youth group. The second one a brief account of her being desperate on the bus home after a Red Cross event and ends up wetting herself on some backyard stairs. The first one is longer though, with her being desperate during a meeting but is too shy to leave and is prevented from doing so when she finally tries to. Afterwards a desperate bus ride to a community center ensues. This one ticks all the boxes for me - shy girl, lots of people around, all kinds of factors preventing or delaying a toilet visit including a queue and that "damn, she will make it after all" turn right before the ultimate ending, and most importantly, thorough authencity.

*005*2021-01-21 20:35

I did another raid through the next set of entries from January 2000, so expectedly there are some new year's events documented from the turn of the millenium. On a whole though, not many wortwhile stories IMO, and those that are were way too short. An underwhelming round, but your mileage may vary so I'll go ahead and post them anyway.

Brief accounts of missed opportunities (i.e. the actual wetting is never featured):

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/50137.htm

- Account of a girl who stealthily wet herself in the backseast of a car, although only the desperation and the aftermath is witnessed and depicted.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/49416.htm

- A woman goes into the restroom cubicle and deliberately delays another girl outside who apparently wets herself outside, though only the aftermath is depicted.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/49428.htm

- A man tells about his wife having an accident at a house party. Nothing is disclosed about any desperation or wetting though, only the aftermath as he witnesses her out in the garden with a wet dress and pantihose.

Various brief wetting accounts:

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/52355.htm

- Guy tells about his wife who was desperate during a night out and was finally confronted with a long line to get into a club. Brief but good, could definitely have done with more details about her desperation.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/50913.htm

- A story situated during wartime (vintage even before vintage was vintage), featuring a girl riding in a car sitting on the guy's lap and slowly wetting herself.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/50837.htm

- Woman telling of her wetting herself deliberately on the way home from work.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/50660.htm

- Brief account of a woman telling of her past being in the navy and getting desperate during a parade drill.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/49766.htm

- Short story with a woman telling about her going home from work by train and ends up wetting herself on her doorstep.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/49624.htm

- A mother retelling a story she enquired her daughter about, where she (the daughter) was out on a new year's eve with some friends and they got caught short in the crowded streets of NYC and wet themselves.

The obligatory semi-bullshit/too-exaggerated-to-be-believable section:

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/52351.htm

- Brief sightning of a female colleague in office who suddenly wets herself without any depicted desperation beforehand. Another one of those accounts that I suspect is bullshit.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/50042.htm

- Weird story about a guy dating a girl and she's appearing to be desperate for a wee but it's never fully confirmed. Her depicted behaviour didn't make any sense at all either. I didn't get anything out of it honestly, but I'm including it out of interest.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/50440.htm

- One entry out of a well-known (?) multi-part chronicle where the author tells about an accident-prone woman he knows, in which she wets herself on the way home after dropping off her son at school. Mainly based around the supposed conversation between the woman and said author, as is most of the entries in this series but which also reduces its believability.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/49410.htm

- Two women goes on a double date to a house party when one of them finds her pants zipper stuck so they convince their dates to take them back home. The desperate woman tries to make it back without the men noticing but just as they arrive home she loses it and pisses through her dress pants. Could have made for a good story if not for the over-sexualized ending spoiling all credibility.

And finally some stated fictional ones, the last of which I decided was this round's winner despite the downer ending (then again, it was written by one of the more notorious authors):

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/50864.htm

- Obviously fiction. Seems to be situated maybe in the 1800's or something. Not much explicit context to help along the way but involves a couple of women wetting themselves during a (horse?) carriage ride, told from the perspective of one of them.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/49629.htm

- Fictional story featuring a girl out on new year's eve, getting increasingly desperate over an unreasonably lengthy duration during the night, finally arriving home an lets go in her jeans on her doorstep. An added bonus involves a stalking ex-boyfriend who gets kicked in the nuts and pisses his own jeans as a result, which does little to improve the story but a lot to worsen it. Overall not very realistic or involving.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/50665.htm

- Again, definitely fiction. A woman is desperate and wets herself during a football match.

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/50817.htm

- Explicitly fiction signed Paul Tester, but I wouldn't have interpreted it so if the author hadn't. A guy is accompanying his female cousin through a new year's eve of desperation on a train journey home. Excellently written and very plausible.

*009*2021-01-27 20:22

{{20 hours ago, justme said:

Thanks for all the memories...well done. BUT: The Joanne Chronicles were all real, exactly as each entry was described. I wrote them. Here is the link:

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/50440.htm

So it may seem like embellishment or fantasy, but she is/was a wet lovers wet dream. Still is. We spend time together every so often, and yes, she's told me over the years more stories about her pretty frequent accidents. Indeed, I've increasingly witnessed more than my share, especially on long walks/hikes. If this board allowed it I'd post examples, but alas, not allowed. Happy to answer whatever questions people may have...

}}

Well, if you say they are true then they are true. I remember reading your entries way back when, but I could never rid that feeling of the reports being a bit too frequent and your encounters with said woman a bit too open-hearted on her part to be thoroughly credible, but let it not be said that slim possibilities equal no possibilities. Nice to see there are still folks of the old guard around, and I do apologize for miscategorizing your contributions above.

Just out of curiousity, and without being unnessecarily specific; why do you reckon your witnessed accounts would not be allowed on here?

*013*2021-01-29 19:39

Posts from September/October 2000. This one was partly not available directly so I had to archivize them. Didn't bother with any categorization this time, the descriptions are there for anyone to read anyway.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20170428134535/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/74841.htm

- Apparently written by a french author. Incredibly awkward english and hard to read, almost as if it was ran through a translator. Anyway, the story is of a woman being trapped at a cinema and ends up flooding her pants in the seat. There are some aftermath depicted as well but I honestly didn't have the patience to decipher the rest.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20150608002952/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/74441.htm

- Another one by the same author and with the same limping english. The female author tells about a language trip to England (go figure!) where she stayed with a host family. One morning she wakes up desperate and tries to get into the bathroom but it's locked so she has to wake the son of the house up. She ends up wetting herself in front of him though and some obligatory intimate bullshit ensues.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20150608004654/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/74449.htm

- A girl telling about how she feels obliged to ask for permission to use the toilet in all kinds of situations and recalls one story during a french class in scool. A bit rambling and incoherent.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20150608012554/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/73284.htm

- Account of a girl who is desperate and tries hard to hide it from the author.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20150606201556/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/73146.htm

- A few accounts of a girl having accidents in school (one in class and one running from the school cafeteria to the toilets but bumps into a guy around the corner on the way). Also one bedwetting story and one featuring a number two, just to throw a warning out there.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20150607205941/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/73389.htm

- Similar entry to the one above; two situated in school; one where she runs to the bathroom after class but is startled on the way and has an accident, and one when she runs from the cafeteria to the toilets only to find a queue in which she eventually wets herself. Then an account of her purposefully wetting her karate suit and finally another bedwetting.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20150606193213/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/73690.htm

- More of the aforementioned 'Joanne's chronicles'. Two brief accounts of her having almost-made-it accidents after meetings at work and one even briefer where she has a slight accident after coming home with her son.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20150608023234/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/74162.htm

- A woman is held up during a conference thing at a hotel and doesn't get to go to the bathroom before driving home and ends up in a traffic jam.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20150606223913/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/74203.htm

- This one I actually saved down in my story folder back in the day, and not just because of the indirect context of one of my favourite bands. A girl is growing more and more desperate in line for a Pink Floyd gig.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20150608025116/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/71162.htm

- A fantasy featuring an upper-class lady getting revenged by her staff who conspires in getting her desperate, which she ends up being in the back of a limousine.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20150607175026/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/72670.htm

- Very brief but hot! A girl is too shy to ask for permission to go to the bathroom during math class, although she eventually did but is confronted by her teacher asking if it's an emergency to which she replies no out of shyness. Too bad she didn't bother to embellish it with more detail along the way.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20150607183327/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/72166.htm

- A guy on a bus witnesses a young and smartly dressed business woman being desperate and follows her out of the bus where she ends upp pissing through her pantyhose.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20150606205802/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/72117.htm

- A girl wets herself in a dress during a choir session. Seems to be semi-deliberate although she's growing desperate throughout the set.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20150606224132/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/72078.htm

- A witnessing of a latina woman rushing into a roadside restroom and afterwards coming out with soaked pants. This one seems familiar actually, I believe it has been posted on this board as well not too long ago.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20150607020847/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/71095.htm

- Fantasy about a young office girl being desperate during a journey, first on the train and then on a bus.

*014*2021-07-27 22:50

Half a year since I nurtured this one. Here are some entries from within a timeframe when I actually lurked way back when.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20020706093644/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/54919.htm

- A university lecture where a girl is nervously shifting around in her seat, obviously desperate and ends up with slightly wet jeans.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20020402041944/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/54935.htm

- A girl is interviewed for an internship at a company and is already desperate and fidgety from the start. Eventually, as the interview is winding down she sudeenly asks to be excused but is somewhat delayed.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20010709072332/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/12613.htm

- Story reposted as a reply to another topic. A girl is caught up in a church during a sermon and ends up wetting herself in her dress.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20041001163323/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/81777.htm

- A girl is kept waiting in the car while her stepdad is popping in to his office on the way home. Thinking it will not be too long, she decides to wait in the car until he's back but he ends up taking much longer than expected during which time she's getting increasingly desperate.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20010127014100/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/80804.htm

- Three brief sightnings at a train station with locked toilets.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20010129031900/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/81682.htm

- A girl is on a tour in Morocco, sitting in the backseat of a 4WD car on a several hour long trip when she gets caught short. Unable to seize any opportunity to relieve herself, she eventually begs the driver to stop and she just about makes it without wetting her shorts.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20010128004200/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/82074.htm

- A female sales representative is desperate throughout an office meeting but is prevented from going to the toilet due to a tight schedule.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20020715005443/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/82992.htm

- A girl wets herself during a driving lesson. Not much desperation beforehand.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20001213193200/http://wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/75403.htm

- Good fantasy story, if not terribly original, of a business woman stuck in a lift.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20020922201800/http://wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/64350.htm

- A few accounts by a former police officer of women wetting themselves in custody for various reasons. The circumstances kill it for me but an interesting perspective nonetheless so I'll post it anyway.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20020922201934/http://wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/64353.htm

- Brief account by a young woman being desperate during a car trip but doesn't say anything. They eventually pull up at a gas station just as she is about to lose it and she hobbles to the toilet only to find it occupied. Another one of those stories where I would have loved some more elaboration of the desperation beforehand.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20010128213100/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/81887.htm

- A couple of stories from a guy telling about two girlfriends he once dated, the latter of which I again remember saving down. That one features the girl being desperate after they had been to the movies and driving back.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20010128065300/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/80360.htm

- A girl in class not daring to ask the teacher for permission despite being increasingly desperate and eventually can't hold it till the end of class.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20010127134600/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/81079.htm

- Brief account from a woman desperate to pee while coming home from work and almost makes it but loses it just as she gets home.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20010126165100/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/81289.htm

- Account of a chatolic schoolgirl in the early 60's not being allowed to go to the toilet during class and in addition gets punished along the way by the teacher nun. Eventually she has an accident in her desk and gets additional punishment for it. Rather disturbing one, this, but might be of interest if only for semi-historical purposes.

And some of the better ones this time around:

%https://web.archive.org/web/20020923023221/http://wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/64679.htm

And the conclusion, for some reason posted separately: https://web.archive.org/web/20020922202222/http://wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/64772.htm

- A girl telling about her desperate experience during high school class. The teacher denied her permission to go to the bathroom so she ends up leaking in her pants in class, by which time the teacher eventually relented and let her go. One of my early favourites that I remember saving down in my folder.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20001211184800/http://wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/75031.htm

- Another early favourite I remember saving. A young receptionist is stuck at the reception switchboard and repeatedly asks for permission to go to the toilet but the supervisor keeps delaying with excuses about not finding someone to cover for her.

%https://web.archive.org/web/20010709105745/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/3203.htm

- Shortie but goodie. A guy tending an information boot in the city is approached by a desperate girl asking for directions to the nearest toilet. He proceeds to delay her with overcomplicated directions after which she finally stumbles away only to lose it.

And in keeping with saving the best of the lot for last:

%https://web.archive.org/web/20010709103916/http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/2850.htm

- A favourite of mine, although I didn't recall it being this old. A woman retelling of her being out in some neighborhood going door-to-door with her older colleague selling books. Despite getting increasingly desperate she doesn't dare telling him about it and keeps on holding until they eventually they drive off in the car when she reaches her limit.

