Wet walk at night (+pics)

Author: shystream

*000*2012-09-09 01:07

This wasn't my first wetting, but the first one I took pictures of, so here's the story:

It was shortly after midnight and I hadn't anything interesting to do, so I decided to go for a little walk and eventually pee myself outside. I quickly put on my tightest jeans, emptied a 1liter bottle of tap water and left my appartment.

Not yet sure where I wanted to go, I wandered around the block for a little while and finally decided to walk along the little an the edge of the city. After about 20 minutes, while passing a little bench placed at the edge of a ditch, with a beautiful view of the misty meadows under the starfilled sky and 'leaving on a jetplane' playing from a house nearby, I started to feel the water build up in my bladder. But I couldn't go there yet. I wanted more pressure and less potential witnesses.

So I continued my walk, wondering where I could let go best. Should I go in the park? Or should I go by the piles of rubble in the industrial park? My choice fell on the piles of rubble, they where were a little closer by and I didn't need to cross a rather busy intersection. By the time I entered the industrial park it felt like my bladder was full enough to really soak my pants. I started to walk a little faster.

When I finally arrived at my destination I took a quick look around to make sure no one was near and disappeared behind a big pile of stones. There was a streetlight near it, so I was able to see what I was doing. I simply let go. I did the whole thing, first with straight legs, then I crossed them, I sqatted down, did everything I love to see in a wetting.

After I finished, I had to make up a strategy to make my way home. It wasn't far away and it must've been around 1:15, so there were virtually no people out. Well, some cars were, but the drivers have more important things to watch out for at night than my pissy jeans, I figured. I walked around the industrial park a little, enjoying my soaking wet jeans clinging to my legs.

After about 10 more minutes I arrived across my street. I ran across the bigger street, with my shoes making little squishy noises, which was a new experience for me. I have never run with pissed jeans before, only rode my bike and drove around in my car.

Now I was almost there, only 20-30 meters away from my house. Too bad a waiting car was between it and me. I changed the side of the street and hoped they wouldn't notice (that fear was quite ridiculous in hindsight, because my pants were rather dark and soaked enough to not look like I peed in them) and they really didn't. Finally home. I made sure one last time if someone was in the staircase and then I made a run for my appartment.

Inside I decided to take some pictures of the aftermath of what I did to my jeans and what I was going to do to them in the shower, I attached them for you, if you'd like to see them ;)

*004*2012-09-10 15:40

Thank you for your compliments and yes, I treated them quite thoroughly:D but I was very nervous none the less. I felt like a burglar, sneaking through the streets, always stopping and looking around to make sure I was alone. I didn't even turn on the light in my own staircase; it took me a while to find the keyhole of my door:D Surprisingly, I was brave enough not to change into the dry pair of pants I always carry with me in a backpack when I'm going out to wet myself.

