Wet myself in a museum

Author: tiika

*000*2018-08-12 01:28

First post! I have always been interested in desperation and holding but never tried to do anything in a public place. I also really have to pee as I write this. Hopefully I finish before I leak: I am outside of the bathroom...

This weekend I found myself at a natural history museum in a big city. I intended to just walk around and enjoy it, then I realized I had a 1L water bottle in hand as well as abundant refill stations all around. I was going to be there for about 3 hours so I thought of trying something naughty but very safe: drink up until I could not hold it then head for the bathrooms. There were a lot of bathrooms around! That was the initial plan anyway...

Started normally with the first 1L, just drinking whenever my mouth felt dry. Zero urge to pee as I walked about, which was great because I was in the best section: the dinosaur hall! Started feeling it a little as I got into the mammal hall and finished my first litre. I had already kick-started things with a large glass of iced tea and another of water earlier at lunch and peed that out. Got a bit reckless with the 2L and chugged it fast – my bladder was already twinging.

I decided to try and hold it to the museum's closing time, about 2h more. But I wanted to give myself a little room and comfort so I used the bathroom and allowed myself to let go just a trickle. I didn't need to go that badly yet so there was no feeling of relief. Washed my hands, buttoned my jeans which sat tight over my bladder, and went out and walked into the next hall. This was pretty: gemstones! But I was starting to really have to go.

I went to a hall of stuffed animals and started to feel more warning signs. Went to a corner and unbuttoned my pants. It helped a little bit but my jeans were still so snug over my filling bladder. I continued walking around but then, afraid of an accident, allowed myself another short pee so I could hold it until closing time! This pee was more substantial but didn't do much for relief. I had to squeeze myself before I left the stall to wash my hands. I was on to my 3rd litre by now but only drank very little and slowly. It was getting worrying. At one point I bumped into a glass barrier and nearly leaked But I wanted to see how long I could hold out for. There was about 45min to go to closing at this point.

I walked into a bird exhibit but couldn't concentrate any more. Every step I took I worried about whether I'd lose it. As I got further into the exhibit I challenged myself to walk up and down a flight of stairs, which I did successfully. I still felt like I could hold on then, but a little voice told me maybe I'd better continue the hold in the bathroom, over a toilet.

I started to make my way to the bathrooms at the other end of the floor. The walkways had suddenly become very crowded and I couldn't move as fast as I wanted to, not that I could anyway. I was keeping my legs pressed as tightly together as I could while I walked. As I was just one hall away from the bathrooms I felt my thighs moisten. At first I thought it was just me – i was pretty turned on by then and my panties were very damp. Then as I crossed the hall I realized I was leaking involuntarily. But I couldn't grab myself in the middle of a crowd of families!

I walked as fast as I could to the bathrooms in the corner and felt myself leaking slowly but consistently. My jeans were getting properly wet in the crotch. I nearly collided with a mother and her two children exiting the bathrooms and rushed into the first stall, yanked down my pants and panties and sat down to piss. It was 15min from closing!

The crotch of my leopard print undies was wet through and there was a patch right where the seams of my pants joined in the crotch. It wasn't too bad though considering the amount I was holding in my body. I cleaned myself up and decided to leave.

The story continues a little bit more though. Every time I do a hold I always have to pee a second time really soon after the first. I had about 35min of driving back to the hotel so I held off on drinking any more water just in case. Halfway through the drive my bladder was full enough to be uncomfortable. But I could still hold it. I tugged the seatbelt more tightly over it and started encouraging myself out loud to hold it. I could hold it!

Made it to the hotel in manageable discomfort but boy did I have to go. I got upstairs without mishap, got rid of my jeans and rinsed the crotch out, then downed another half L while I forced myself to stand in my undies over the carpet. It was uncomfortable but I held on well and even managed to do a jumping jack! That's when I started typing this post.

I got about 3 paragraphs in when I realized I was leaking involuntarily. There was so much piss in my bladder I couldn't hold it back any more, and with no jeans to soak it up it was driving down my leg. I hurried to the bathroom, leaking twice as I did so. My legs were wet and I felt a huge urge overtake my body just as I awkwardly jumped into the tub with my legs pressed tight together. I missed the tub though

I managed to stop the leaks and got out to wipe up the floor with toilet paper. I was beyond desperate now but wanted to try and finish this post! (You obviously know I didn't make it by now though.) Typed another sentence then I had a HUGE leak. I couldn't hold on much longer. Dropped the phone on the floor outside the tub and shoved one hand between my legs. I was soaked! I got a little carried away with holding then. I took care of myself quickly and pissed all over the tub.. which brings me to where I am now, lying on the bed with my bladder filling up yet again.

I hope you enjoyed reading this! It's not actually my first public accident but definitely good enough of an experience that I wanted to share.

