I finally did it!

Author: Sabuto

*000*2016-11-06 16:50

I don't post often and am a bit of a lurker on the site but I feel I have to share this story with you guys. To begin I guess it's worth saying that I have indulged in Omorashi for many years now, mostly limited to getting desperate and wetting myself in the privacy of my own home. I've always been too scared to do anything pee related in public, with the small exception of occasionally letting out a little dribble or two on my way home (although not enough to show on my clothes).

However I've always wanted to try something a little more adventurous (at least by my standards) and have recently been thinking about bet wetting. The closest I've ever gotten to bed wetting was during times when I was particularly aroused and would release a few spurts in my pajamas but never enough for a full soaking. I was always a little hesitant to completely relieve myself in my bed due to the clean up but very much wanted to try it. But all this changed this morning. Needless to say after months of building myself up I finally tried it (rather impulsively and unplanned might I add!)

So my story starts last night. I hadn't been out drinking for a while and had my mind set on going to a club, getting very drunk and dancing. My night started out at a bar in the city with friends. After drinking at the bar for a while we made our way over to a new club we hadn't yet been to. We continued our drinking there and danced for a while. I was starting to get quite desperate so I went to the toilet at this point. I was beginning to think about omorashi and how I wished I had the guts to wet myself in the club but I knew that would never happen. Anyhow, to cut a long story short we ended up drinking a lot more and leaving the club in the early hours of the morning.

On the train trip home I was pretty desperate. The first half wasn't as bad as I was with friends but they soon got off at earlier stations and I was left alone. Once alone I started to focus on my bladder a lot more and realised how desperate I was. As I pass a couple more stations I was very seriously considering the situation that I might have to find a way to relieve myself. The train was relatively deserted and I devised the plan to quite subtly unzip my pants and let a little pee out if I had to. Luckily I made it to my station without any accidents and I jumped off the train and ran home. I burst in through my front door and made it to the toilet just in time for a nice relaxing pee. I knew that I was quite drunk and wanted to avoid a hangover as best I could so I drank about a litre and a half of water before bed. Then I jumped into bed with a bottle by my side and went to sleep.

I woke up the next morning with a bit of a headache, still very tired, and a very urgent need to pee. I lay awake for a while not really thinking about my bladder and tried to fall back asleep. After about 10 or so minutes I realised that there was no way I was getting back to sleep with my bladder as full as it was. I knew I would have to get up soon as I wouldn't last very long. I lay there with my eyes closed for another 5 minutes trying to will myself to get up but I just couldn't find the motivation to get myself out of bed. As I lay there thinking, suddenly a thought crossed my mind "Wouldn't it be great if it were socially acceptable to wet the bed. I could get the extra sleep and wouldn't have to struggle to get out of bed every time I wake up needing to pee". Immediately after this thought I suddenly opened my eyes, as if I had just discovered some great revelation.

Who cares what society thought, I can wet the bed if I want to, as long as it's not hurting anyone. Not moments after I had finished this thought, my body relaxed and I noticed a warm sensation around my pelvis. It took me a second to realise but I had started to wet the bed. My heart immediately started pounding faster and instinctively I clenched my pelvic muscles and stopped peeing. I was beginning to panic and started to sit up to go the the bathroom but stopped myself. My bladder was aching and I was fighting to hold on. Why won't I get up I thought. I'm about to wet the bed. I need to go to the bathroom now. And then I noticed the warmth around my pelvis. It felt so nice. Suddenly I had a moment of clarity. So what if I wet the bed? I ran my hand down under the blankets and placed it on top of my pajama pants. My heart was beating faster than ever. I was both excited and afraid, filled with conflicting emotions but I knew the decision was already made. My eyes closed.

I began to pee. The pee pooled in between my thighs and overflowed over my legs. I could feel the warmth with my hand and I gently stroked myself through my pajamas. The pee spread down my legs and up my back. I could feel it slowly creeping up my pajama top. The front of my pelvis felt like I was sitting in front of a warm fire on a cold winters night. I slipped my hand under my pajama pants and felt the pee as it exited my peehole. At this point every muscle in my body was relaxed. I focused on my bladder and felt it slowly reduce in size. 

Finally, after what seemed like an hour, I finished peeing. I opened my eyes and lifted the blanket to assess the damage. My mattress was soaked. My sheets were soaked. I was soaked. I pulled my pants down far enough to take out my penis. I was so aroused by now that I held my penis and gave it a few slow stokes. Immediately I came all over my chest. I lay my hands by my sides and felt a feeling of liberation. I closed my eyes and fell back asleep. This is an experience I will never forget.

