Holding error

Author: Thegame123

*000*2016-10-26 16:49

I have been in to wetting for years now and have always enjoyed wetting myself in private every now and then. Despite my love of wetting I would be be motified if I was to ever wet myself in public. I have had 2 public accidents that I remember - one I was a child and just couldn't hold on (I think this is where my wetting fetish originates from), the second time I was 17/18 walking home from a drunken night out, I was on my own and the street were quiet with the odd car driving past. Bursting for a wee I decided to let go as it was a cold night, this wasn't an accident as such but being drunk muddled my thinking on that night. However on both occasions it wasn't a big deal for different reasons.

So that brings me to something that happened to me little over a month ago. These days I am in my 30's - married with 2 young children. The occasions for having some personal wet fun a few and far between. I usually go away for work once every few months so use this as an opportunity to play. I usually go out for tea have a few drinks and look to get back to my hotel room rather desperate then wait until I have an accident. Over the past few occasions I haven't got desperate enough, meaning I've returned to the hotel desperate but never close to an accident I usually let go by choice as it takes too long.

So onto last month, I arrived at the hotel already semi desperate after a long journey . This time however I had decided that I really wanted to be desperate and wanted a proper accident that I couldn't control. So with this in mind I headed out for tea. I walked about 10 minutes from the hotel to a local pub. In total I spent about 2 hours at the pub and had 3 pints with my dinner. Feeling pretty close to the edge I decided to make tracks. Once I got up the weight of my bladder hit me hard, my heart fluttered with excitement but also slight panic as I was closer that I'd ever been to losing it but at this point I was still in public with lots of people about.

The 10 minute walk took more like 15 as I couldn't walk full pace due to my aching bladder. However I was still in control or so I thought. I made it back to the hotel and headed to my room. My heart was beating so fast and my bladder was close to giving up. I was on the first floor so headed up the stairs, I skipped up the stairs a little too quickly and my bladder contracted with a quick dribble forcing it way out. Shit I thought it's happening I quickly made my way into the corrridor. As I approached my door my bladder contracted again, I tried to hold it but a small amount of wee dribbled out for about 2 seconds. At this point I was in the quiet corridor metres from my door. 'I could just let go here, how naughty I thought'. I was within seconds of fully letting go when I heard a some voices and a door open down the corridor. I held back but not without another steady stream trickling out. 

I headed to my door and held the card up to the door and......nothing. I tried again as my bladder starting throbbing hard as if giving an alarm for an impending flood. 'Shit, Shit.....' I whispered as I tried the key over and over. No luck, I had to head back down to reception. At this thought my bladder contracted again letting a spurt out much stronger than before it was only brief but I could still feel that my boxer shorts under my jeans were getting damp at the top of my left thigh. At this point I grabbed my cock through my pocket and held it tightly, practically pinning it shut. I headed back down the stairs hand in pocket holding tightly, so tightly it was hurting a little. I made it down stairs with no mishaps and headed to reception.

As I got there I saw a slight queue, my heart sank. This can't happen I thought....then salvation I saw the toilets, I'll have to go it would mean the end of any potential accident but the risk of having it in public was far too real now. I made it too the loo and opened the door but it would work. I then saw the sign 'TOILETS FOR GUEST ONLY USE KEYCARD THE ENTER', I got my card out but then remembered it didn't work. I felt another spurt escape as I let go when getting my card. I tried just encase but no look. 'Right to reception I thought, get the card come back here to the loo' I headed back to reception, my bladder now was contracting fairly constantly. 

My death like grip on the end of my penis stopping me losing control. I joined to queue one person was being served and then it was due to be me. As I stood i felt a gentle stream release without warning almost directly into my hand, the warmth I felt on my pocket would have been heavenly if I wasn't in a hotel reception with 20 people around. I looked down and was amazed that the only wet spot visible was a very small one near my pocket and a slight streak near my knee, my left leg was feeling quite wet all the way down but at the moment it was soaking through too badly.

It felt like forever but then I made it too reception, the girl serving me was highly attractive. I was even more determined not to let go now. I muddled my words a fair bit at first but she soon realised what I wanted. She asked for some ID, without thinking I used both hands to get my wallet out. Releasing my grip was an error and as hard as I tried a felt a gentle stream begin to release, it wasn't a torrent by any means but it wasn't stopping either. Here I was casually wetting myself in front of this highly attractive receptionist and she didn't have any idea due to the reception desk.

The stream lasted for about 5 seconds until I could jam my hand back in by pocket to stem the flow. I knew now that I would have a definite wetspot so decided the best plan was to head back to the room so nobody would see my wet spot. The girl to her credit was quick and before I knew it I was on my way, as I headed if I looked down to see if I'd left any mess and there was only a small drop or two which was not obvious what it was.

I quickly headed to the stairs as I felt to end was near. I took my hand out and decided just to move a quick a possible regardless of the outcome. As I ran up the stairs I started spurting jets with each step, these were powerful so much so I could hear it spray down my legs in the quiet stairwell. I quickly made it into my corridor still holding a small semblance of control but this was very small. I made it too my door and prayed for the fob to work. If it didn't I was done and would be heading back down to reception in wet jeans. I held the card up and saw the green light and my bladder began its release.

I tried to stop but it was having non of it, a couple of strong 5 jets released down my legs and I opened the door got on to my room and closed the door I was safe from a full public accident, but this was happening and now. I had know control it felt really strange, I looked down am my jeans were getting very wet mainly down the left leg, I stumbled into the bathroom not wanting to pee on the carpet. I then just emptied against my will and my god if it wasn't the longest pee I'd ever had. My front of my jeans were fully soaked and I let a huge puddle covering practically the whole of the small tiled floor. I must have peed for over a minute. 

Afterwards my legs were like jelly and I just sat in the puddle not really sure what had just happened. That night things got a bit worse as I woke up in the middle of peeing the bed against my will. Both experiences were somewhat exhilarating however the total loss of control did scare me. The feeling was different to being desperate and choosing to let go and I'm not sure if I'll do it again. Anyway sorry for the lengthy story.

