My First Real Desperation Adventure

Author: LeakyBunny

*000*2022-02-27 16:04

Hi everyone! I tried to make a post yesterday but it didn't save apparently, so I'm trying again today. Fingers crossed it actually posts cuz I really wanna share this experience.

First, some context: I've been aware of my omo fetish for years now, but have only ever fantasized and not actually put anything into practice. This story was my first time actively participating in a deliberate bladder holding.

So I woke up around 9 am yesterday and was feeling horny for some reason, but I had to ignore it because I had stuff to do and couldn't waste any time. I was working on a project for my college, sitting at my desk, and found myself subconsciously rubbing against my chair, which I quickly scolded myself for and stopped doing. But still, my pussy felt like it was throbbing, and it was going to get harder and harder to ignore it.

Fast forward a few hours and I'm working when I realize I have to pee quite badly. I thought typing a couple more sentences couldn't hurt, and crossed my legs in the meantime. That was the first time I actually got to feel the press of a bloated bladder, and I immediately felt all my horniness from earlier rush back. It felt delicious, something I had never truly felt before (in a non-panic situation that is). I looked down and saw that my stomach was slightly extended, and when I poked it, a shot of electricity ran through my body. It was in that moment that I decided I wasn't going to use the bathroom. Instead, I was going to sit there and feel that intoxicating feeling for as long as possible.

Half an hour went by, then 45 minutes, then an hour, and I was practically sweating with the mixture of desperation and arousal. I was rocking back and forth in my chair, one hand clamped over my pussy, thighs pressed shut and rubbing together. At one point, I felt my muscles loosen for a second and a warm squirt came out, causing me to moan and shiver. God, it felt so good. Finally, I gave in and shoved my hand down my pajama pants, fingers beginning to work at my clit as my bladder continued to scream for release. 

I was soaked, not just from the leaks, but the amount of arousal gushing out of me. Another squirt, then another, and I began panting and fingering myself, hand now coated in my own piss. I felt filthy, I felt shameless, I felt incredible. I knew I was on the edge of bursting but I couldn't find it in myself to care about the clean up, not when I was the most turned in I'd been in my whole life. More spurts came out, soaking my hand, my pants, the chair, and eventually dripping down to the floor. I was so close to cumming, and right as I reached my peak, my bladder gave up and a torrent of piss came spraying out of me. Gasping, I moaned and shook in pleasure as I came hard, vision swimming and body draining of energy by the second. It was honestly one of the best things I've ever felt, all that wet warmth flowing over my trembling legs.

When I was finally done, I was flushed and panting from the intensity. Once I got back to my senses, I looked down and saw a huge puddle around the base of the chair and genuinely started laughing as the absurdity of the situation hit me. Luckily I cleaned up before my roommate got home, as well as sprayed the place with some fabreeze so it didn't reek of piss. I think she's none the wiser.

Anyways, that was my experience! If you read this, I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did.

