Pissed on my girl

Author: MasterP

*000*2012-07-28 03:43

I came home from work after a long ass day of dealing with some stupid databases that haven't been performing like they should. Work wasn't the greatest that day and I was extremely annoyed when I got home. I'm an avid disc golfer and decided to roll out to UAH and get my groove on. It’s been really hot lately, so I'd been drinking tons of fluids in an attempt to keep hydrated, this Alabama heat has been whooping my ass this year.

Anyway, my girl was at home doing her homework and kept texting me about how aroused she was and to hurry up with my round. I got done as soon as I could so I could get home and love on my best friend. She attacked when I walked through the door; she literally jumped at me in the air and wrapped her whole body around me. She is only 4' 11' and 95lbs, so she is a tiny thing. She kept telling me how aroused she was for me and wanted fuck my brains out. I told her that I had to pee like a race horse and to give me a second....that didn't work out well, she just pushed me on the bed and told me "NO".

She went into the walk-in closet and closed the door, she came out wearing this pink lingerie (from Victoria Secret) that was sexy as hell, I was instantly hard and ready to rock. She jumped on me and straddled me kissing me forcefully while moaning and let her bladder go and soaked my dick and shorts. It felt so awesome, especially with her grinding against my cock moaning like she was. After she was done, she just smiled and stood up and pulled me toward the bathroom and told me to pee all over her. She sat down on the edge of the bathtub and told me to pee on her tits. I happily pulled down my soaking shorts and just drenched her. While doing so she asked me to kiss her. There is nothing like a serious passionate lip lock while wetting all over your woman's body, it was amazing. It seemed like I pissed for two minutes and even she commented on it. She eventually turned over doggy-style so that I could continue to pee all over her ass.

After I finished, she started sucking my dick to get me hard and then drug me to the bed. She already had the astroglide ready and wanted me to fuck her in the ass. I got lubed up and took my time until she was comfortable and she told me to go to town. It didn't take long and I had the most explosive orgasm; it didn't help that she was screaming and telling me to pound her hard. Anyway, she loved it and told me that she hasn't had an orgasm that intense in quite a long time (panting) and then kissed me. We just fell into bed and cuddled afterwards and eventually went to sleep.

Obviously, I was able to snap a pic (which follows) right before she started going down on me.

*002*2012-07-28 17:40

It was a pretty hot situation and I'd do it all over again. She has wrapped her mouth around my dick before when I've peed and she just lets it dribble down her chin and on to her cleavage. She told me how much she loves the feeling of pee covering her boobs and dripping down to her pussy and soaking through her panties.

