My first ever Omorashi Experience - A little Adventure in a plastic Bag

Author: Stained

*000*2020-01-12 06:34

So, three days ago I was hanging out with my crush and having a good time. Even though she seemingly tries to remind me at least two times a day that I’m forehead deep in the friend zone, I don’t really have a problem with it. I can’t really complain, because - YEET - I’ve made it into the friend zone. That’s the by far closest relationship I’ve ever had with a girl.

Anyways, we sat down at a local takeaway restaurant on the campus and watched a movie (the 14th one of Detective Conan. She’s a good influence) We’ve also eaten some pizza so that the owner won’t throw us out. It was way above good and on me.

After the movie we went to the closest tram station and parted our ways. She’s currently living a 1.25h drive away from the university, so our time’s always a little limited.

As I’ve arrived at my home myself, I went to the loo and went to bed to have a little nap. I had about 2h of sleep that day. I’m studying physics and I’m not good at maths, which is a combination that results in hella long nights. Being a smol half Asian half German Boi with the IQ of a guy who isn’t detective Conan is always a bit of a struggle. During the more intense parts of the week I barely have time to eat a cup of noodles a day. Especially as I’m somewhat of a master in the art of procrastination.

So, there I was laying in bed, with my mind resting on the great time I had with my crush. I couldn’t find enough peace to sleep. At some point (like it always happens when I’m trying to sleep) my mind violently pushed my poor body into little space, whilst wandering from fun things to… Fun things. Like omorashi. Like only omorashi. I don’t really have any other fetishes.

I thought about how I’m already living on my own for the past few months and still haven’t done any omo stuff. Before I left the safe haven of my childhood, I’ve always fantasised about the awesome fetish related things I could shamelessly do, without having to fear that my parents would walk in on me.

With the upcoming weekend in mind I had the wildest fantasies. I’ve been on a kind involuntary withdrawal of omo related actions for just as long as had that fetish. Reason: My mother ran the whole household, including cleaning the clothes and the bed sheets and everything. There was no possibility to hide anything.

But now, I am free. Welp, kinda… I’ve still got an apartment community mate. But he’s pretty much harmless. So I’m almost completely free. And that’s free enough for my fetish needs, I guess.

There still were some minor problems, though. I’m way too lazy to take care of puddles. And I’m (like most people here) not exactly the type of guy who could just go to a store and buy some diapers. I’m also a little afraid of ordering them from Amazon, since I’m living in a dorm and I was afraid of them being delivered to a mate instead of me. And I also can’t order them to a collection station. I’d emotionally die on the way home. I just couldn’t do any wacky stuff like that.

After some time of thinking however, there was one idea which crossed my mind: ‘I could just buy a really big thrash bag and wear it. Right?’, I thought. I’ve immediately got two answers from the depth of my very talk active mindscape: |‘Weird flex, but ok’| and |‘That’s where you belong to anyway.’|

Even though I’ve just managed to make one of my inner voices roast me, I wasn’t crippling up and dying on my inside (Ok, maybe a little. Ok, maybe a little much, but I don’t really care anymore.) but rather proud of such a smart solution. After all, lil’ Asian Algebra Noob Boi just had a big brain moment.

Thus, the plan was set. Even though I wondered the whole time if I should really do it. I just had this irrational inner barrier which is a mix of laziness and:

‘What the fuque am I about to do with my life? Fetish stuff is a massive waste of time.

Time I could dedicate to composing, or doing maths or… Or...’

|‘Procrastinating?’|

‘That’s not what I wanted to say.’

|‘But that’s what you’d most likely do.’|

‘Shut up.’

|‘Only if you make me. Which you can’t, lol.’|

And thus, not only the plan was set, but also that I’d at least buy some humongous trash bags. I can always see how stuff develops and having them is better than not having them, right? … I’m way too easy to manipulate.

After I was done with my schedule the next day, I went to the next store and ran some minor errands. After I’ve got most of the stuff I need for, you know, like not starving, I finally went to the section for household wares. And there I found them - The secret garden of pee, the safe valley of my fetish, the cave of the Oracle of Omorashi - Trash bags. They had all kinds of trash bags from big to small, broad to wide, deep to steep. In some you could puke, In some you could sleep and some could cover even hide a nuke. Right there and right then, I realised that the massive market of trashbags is too huge for me to comprehend in just one shopping session.

Trash bags are an art. Trash bags are a passion. Was I even worthy of buying a trash bag? Have I had enough passion and sophistication to buy a fitting one? I wasn’t sure at that moment. One part of me wanted to talk to a trash bag expert, who I could ask which type of trash bag is the best one to absolutely lose bladder control inside of. I felt like I needed help.

But before it even crossed my mind that I could call one with my smartphone, my mind crossed my brain fart: |’Bro, just go ahead and by one. What the fugue are you waiting for?’|

After this scold I kinda just wanted to chicken out. But then again… I came so far. I was so close to my first first hand omo experience. I was standing directly in front of a bunch of plastic bags. One of them must be fitting. Fear was not an option. I took a deep breath and extended my arms to the shelf and I went through the selection from left to right. It felt like the whole shop was watching me.

The first one was kinda small and thin. I couldn’t really use that one for anything. As for the second one, it was the kind of trash bag you’d put regular trash in (who’d expect that?).

Starting with the fifth kind, it became acceptable. The fifth one was enough for me to stand waist deep in. And it wasn’t see through. Not the best choice, but I would have taken it. I was about to just go with that one, but then, I’ve found a worthy trash bag.

The gargantua amongst all plastic bags. The one epic boi who puts them bullies in their place. With a volume of seventy litres, that bad boy was sure to hold me puny Asian body and all the pee I could possibly throw at it with no problem at all. If I was Hyrule, that trash bag would be my Link. It was perfection.

After buying it and returning to my room, I took one bag from the bundle. It was gigantic. It covered me up to my stomach. I smirked. |’See?’|. All of my doubts were gone at the time. I was ready to do the Yeet. I was even ready to do the Yeetissimo and beyond.

I put it away for the time being. There wasn’t a reason to wear it and waddle around whilst not needing to pee. A dude who isn’t sick doesn’t need a dude to make him less sick. That’s what my mother always told me. And she’s my mom so I guess she’s right. That’s what my mother always told me.

I went on with my day as usual. I still had 2.5 litres of beer to finish until the next day to buy a new box. And I don’t want to become unpunctual, eh? I finished 0.5 litres before dinner. I was basically just procrastinating during that time, like I always do on fridays. After some time, I started composing something for a string quartet and I was rearranging the Blood Moon Waltz from Star vs the Forces of Evil for a symphonic orchestra. I’ve recently got my hands on the Kontakt 6 librarby and had to violently abuse it. I’m already feeling sorry for them soundfonts.

Before I’ve prepared dinner, I went to the toillette. My need to pee was not much, but I could feel it and I don’t like that whilst eating. Food deserves respect. Even when you can’t cook. And I couldn’t live with the fact that some bunch of vegetables and living meat objects were slaughtered, just so I could ignore their taste. That wasn’t an option.

After dinner and phoning with my mom however, I’ve restarted my hold and my beer counter whilst watching the last parts of Ginga Eiyuu Densetsu. After the first 0.5 litres of beer, I already felt a familiar feeling building up. You can guess by the context what that feeling was, right? I had to go potty. After the second beer (1.0 litres) I was already dancing a little bit because I had to go even pottier. But it wasn’t all too bad. Same goes for the third beer. However, I kinda felt that gravity went whonky, as my blood soaked up the alcohol like a spongy sponge.

Whilst standing up for the fourth and last beer, my desperation was quite heavy, but it wasn’t dangerous yet. At least it didn’t feel like it. I kinda feared that I haven’t had enough beer to have an accident. So on my way back from the fridge I’ve also picked up another bottle of water (1.5 litres) and placed myself into the bag. |’Now, you’re where you belong.’|

It may have sounded harsh, but she was right. In the comfy space of the trash bag, I kinda felt isolated. Secure. Nothing expect me can go into this bag. And nothing, including my pee and excluding me could leave it. I felt at peace. Even whilst dancing like I had the plague of 1518. I indeed was where I belonged. I hoped the accident would come soon.

I also changed my pants and my red t-shirt with the hammer and sickle symbol on it to another pair of pants and a sweater. No need to accidentally extinguish the flames of the communist world revolution with my pee.

I finished the beer quickly with still 4.5 episodes to go. I suddenly felt really desperate, but it was rather annoying than ‘Omg, I’m about to go wee.’ At the moment I was also successfully ignoring that my dancing became livelier. I finished half of the water bottle after some time that passed by just like the first two beers. Except the fact that I was bursting. At least, I think so in retrospect. I was more like ‘Huh this isn’t fun. There isn’t even a drop of pee coming out of me. Should I drink more water, or should I just go to the toilette and cancel?’ All that whilst the plastic of the trash bag was very audible, due to my constant knee shaking and me holding myself.

I went with the first one, and stood up to get another bottle. And then, something really surprising happened. And there are but three possible causes:

1. I missed leg day.

2. Gravity said ‘Yeet, scratch them 9.81m/s², we’ll be gonna fullforce 16g at the exact time of RIGHT NOW, ye fucken casual!!1’ (This is the most likely one.)

And 3. (I don’t really think this was the cause. It’s way to implausible.):

Me little Asian body couldn’t take the weight of a full bladder, combined with alcohol from 2.5 litres of discounted Krombacher Premium Kellerbier.

Now to what happened: My knees buckled in and I fell hands first onto my knees. For my overfilled bladder, that impact was too much and I started losing all control at once. My attack on Stalingrad failed. My literal *Water* *Loo* happened. The water bottle I wanted to pick up and empty because I thought I wasn’t full enough played the Uno reverse card. The turns have tabled. The Emperor of Rome was crucified in Golgota. You see what I’m getting at?

|’Pathetic. Weren’t you supposed to hold it and drink another bottles? I thought you were afraid of not having enough beer to have an accident. Holding your pee isn’t as easy as it seems when you watch them Japanese girls having accidents on omorashi.tv, eh?’|

After a few beers, I could almost feel both of them standing behind me and silently judging me. It’s always like that when I consume alc. But I wasn’t in a situation to answer. The feel was way to incredible. I’ve always dreamed of this, since I’ve read a book during pre puberty. It was the sequel to the original books of the Tales of the Otori series, in which Sunaomi wets himself during a courage test he fails.

Not just the relieve was amazing. The feel of it gushing down me legs. The sound of it pooling beneath me in my little private safe garden. All isolated. It was amazing. The warmth. The drops. The sound which shifted from my yellow water hitting the plastic too my wee hitting my pee. I was literally in a very small world in which only me and my accident happened. My two imaginary comrades somewhere behind me. Outside of the plastic bag. I was happy. I was one with the universe. I was so lucky to live in an age in which plastic existed.

But one thing I was not: I was not giving up. A surprise attack by gravity hit me and it hit me hard. And the damage was done. But I haven’t surrendered. For as long as my bladder wants to empty itself, I could fight it. For as long as the enemy faces you with his sword, your counter may be dignified.

I held myself and threw my legs together. The fluid bellow me was doing yellowish waves I could feel but not see. I held myself from outside the plastic. And I held myself with all the force I could muster. But my force was no more that of a dude who skips leg day, ain’t lifting weights and isn’t used to holding his water. My technique lacked finesse.

I couldn’t stop it. I could only do as much as to reduce the flow to a dribble. That kind of dribble that burns and pushes on your bladder muscles. It took all my might to stand up again in this objectively unfavorable situation. But I’m not very huge. So the way up was a short one. I was even able to pull up the bag along with me.

This short lived success was very short lived though. I fought with a grim DETERMINATION, but the psychological effect of there being no puddle to clean up afterwards and the sound and feel on my pee still continuing to dribble down my now erected legs was way more than I could handle. The pee in the bag now pooled around my feet instead of my knees and drenched all of my frontal pants and socks, which went very soggy very soon. I lost absolute control about everything again. The pee was now gushing down unhindered. The Mongols invaded Europe.

Losing grasp of gravity for a second time, I did an awkward step back and fell conveniently onto my chair where I moaned and whined. I was waist deep in little land. The plastic was not protecting me anymore. This time around, it was rather protecting everything else from me. Now sitting down, my butt became wet as well and I sat in my own puddle, whilst it was flowing down the back of my pants. All the while, I felt the vaporizing pee making the inner sides of my bag damp.

I splish-splashed my feet in the still warm pee whilst still going. I felt so cute and childish, I still blush whilst writing this now, from the memory alone. And my wet socks made some cute squichy sounds, when I stretched out my toes.

After not so long I was finished however. The liquid slowly cooled down, because thermodynamics and I was still catching my breath. I never felt so overwhelmed and outpowered before. My arm extended to the half finished water bottle and I gulped it down. Some of it was flowing down my chin, but I didn’t care. I was already wet with other stuff than just normal water.

Looking at the clock, I figured that all of this just took me a whopping amount of less than four minutes. But it didn’t matter. Time doesn’t matter when you are happy, and I felt almost as happy as when I was with my crush at the restaurant, watching Detective Conan. And I didn’t want to clean myself yet. That’d been a glorious waste of trash bags and fun. I plumped down from my chair and crawled on my knees to my little water deposit. My hands were holding up the bag which was everything between immense fun and an immense mess, whilst my legs crawled through a now cool puddle of shame which followed me anywhere I went to. I was crawling through my own private pool. The plastic did some nice crincly sounds too. I liked that. Along with the sound of my little pee waves, it was quite quite a nice fabric of soundwaves.

I went back to my desk with 3.0 litres of water in my arms and unmeasured amounts of not-water-anymore around my legs. I planned to make the evening even more fun. I may have been unable to hold my pee for even two episodes, but that meant that my evening was yet to be longer than four episodes. That’s enough time to put the bag at its worth.

All the while whilst finishing the series, I was sitting in my puddle and constantly rewarming it. Sometimes, I was like ‘Oh, let’s do it in this position’ and sometimes it just happened without me realizing it at first. It was scary and I felt how I shifted a bit deeper into little space.

At some point I heard my mate coming home and entering his room in our appartement community. As soon as I was done with the series (and crying, the finale was PERFECTION), I was pretty certain that he was asleep. I went to my stash of towels, pulled one out and stepped out of my bag onto the piece of cloth.

Some of my pee dripped down onto the towel, as it left the fabric of my pants. This was much to my surprise, and I made sure that I wasn’t having an accident or something by holding myself. I wasn’t. It was simply stored in my pants.

I quickly took another plastic bag (a smaller one) and stripped my socks. After putting them into the little brother of my pee container, I repeated the same process with my pants. I could also see now, that my sweater was kinda wet on the lower parts, but it wasn’t much. I stripped it and put it into my laundry basket, along with the towel. After I made sure that my pee bag wouldn’t collapse on itself and make tired me even tireder, I prepared my shower. I also took my pee bag and the bag with my weed clothes with me. I did everything as fast and as quiet as possible. Like a drunk Asian pee ninja.

After locking the door, I’ve emptied the bag. I was surprised by how light it was and how small the amount of pee in it was. If I ever get to have a holding contest with my crush, it may become pretty embarrassing.

Then, I emptied the bag with clothes under the shower and took my underwear off. I wanted to already clean everything a bit, so they won’t smell until laundry day.

After a long shower which cleaned my clothes, my body and my soul, I’ve put my clothes, now drenched by not-pee into the basket and stored the two peed plastic bags in another plastic bag, which I’ve closed in a way that wouldn’t allow it to let air escape.

I dressed up in my dry and comfortable pyjamas and realised following, as I layed down:

It feels cute and fluffy to watch someone who is desperate have an accident.

It also feels cute and fluffy to lose control yourself and have an accident.

It also is fun to splish splash and play and sit in your puddle.

But the nicest feel is to leave your damp and smelly clothes and be clean AFTER having an accident. Laying in bed. Dry. Protected by your blanket and your mattress. Warm. So warm and cuddly after you’ve been quite some time in your sometimes cold and harsh pee.

With that thought, I went sleeping.

Yeah, so much for my first ever adult omorashi experience, I guess. I’d say that I hope you liked the story as much as I did, but… That’s simply not possible :P I was the one who experienced it, after all ^^ And I’m not that great of a writer. Along with the fact that my English isn’t perfect, I can only hope for you to think of it as decent. Only God knows how many writing mistakes I made.

Anyways, now that I’ve finished this story, it’s 7:30 am at the day after the accident, which happened after the midnight of the second day. I really gotta catch some Z’s.

