Motorcycle wreck

Author: JohnRutherford

*000*2017-03-11 15:51

This is a memory from the past, when I was 17, driving my Mom's car far down a two lane road, in fact called Nowhere Road. I was on the way to visit my Grandfather, who was sick.

The road was only lightly traveled at 7:30 in the morning. Way up ahead of me, maybe 200 yards, I could see a person riding a motorcycle. Suddenly I saw that something was happening to him, the machine was upended and, for a second I saw his body up in the air. Then rider and machine crashed to the ground. I have no idea what caused the accident, because there was no other vehicle around where he was.

Suddenly I was shivering and my heart was in my throat. As I drew up to the wreck I could see that the man was lying on his back unconscious, blood on his face. Somebody from a little shack right next to the road was already at the guy's side. I stopped my car and rushed over to him. Took out my cell phone and made a call to 911, all the while I was shaking all over uncontrollably.

I hadn't even noticed until I was on the phone but my pants were soaking wet from the sudden horrible event and my fright. The woman who had rushed up to the unconscious man and was kneeling down at his side looked up at me. I think my jeans were soaked to my knees. I could tell that her eyes made note of my condition, and in my indistinct memory I think she even said something to me about peeing myself.

I didn't wait around long. Other people were stopping their cars and getting out. Still other residents from the row of shacks along the highway were coming out. I backed off toward Mom's car, even as some of the people looked towards me and I could even see their brows go up as they saw an extremely frightened young teen who had lost control of his bladder. But, of course their main interest was not in me but in the guy on the ground.

As fast as I could without seeming to be inhumane, I got back into the car and drove off. I almost didn't even go to Grandpa's house but I did finally go on, and just told him the whole story. He was sick in bed and not in a condition to make a big deal of his grandson's wetting his pants. I did get him to agree not to tell my Mom, however.

*002*2017-04-01 21:04

Sorry, I hadn't checked to see if anybody had responded to my post. To answer your question, yes I felt very embarrassed afterwards, and my grandfather saw me in my wet pants. Later when I went home, my mom saw my still damp pants and I told her about the entire incident. But in her case, she was used to my wetting myself, in one way or another, since I had wet the bed all my life up to age 16. So she gave me a lot of support for my trauma that I had gone through.

It is a mystery to me why such an event can be erotic, although only in retrospect. I certainly didn't go to bed that night all turned on by the event. It is only later that intense events come to be sexy.

