Getting my boyfriend into omo

Author: ddmdlglb

*000*2016-05-12 17:30

I've been ghosting on this site for a while now, and i love it. But one thing that i wish there was more of is couples-play. I introduced my boyfriend to my love of omorashi a few months ago and after the initial shock/confusion, he started to become interested in it.

He is in his early twenties but absolutely tiny. I mean like, 5'4, 112 pounds, but very well endowed c; anyway, he can hold for a pretty long time, but once his bladder is full, he becomes visibly desperate. Dancing around, squirming, less-crossing, etc. It took me a while to get him to wet his pants for me. It was a night after work, and he tried to go into the bathroom, but i ran after him and pinned him against a wall. He was adamant that he was not going to wet himself, and fought against me for a good five minutes.

He was giggling desperately and kept saying "babe, no," but halfheartedly. He was fidgeting and holding himself and whimpering a little, and i had to keep moving his hand away from his crotch because it was pretty much the last thing keeping him holding on. Then he looked up at me and, with my hand still against him, i could feel him let go with this look of complete submission in his eyes. His jeans got warm and wet and i could hear it splattering on the tiles. I kissed him, I was so proud :')

The next time, i concinced him to have sex with me when he had to go so badly it hurt. He's one of those rare gems that can pee with an erection and after probably a minutes, he pullled out and a spurt of pee shot onto my stomach, mixed with c*m. It was amazingly hot. I let him go after that.

Once, we had a holding contest. I was sure i was going to lose, because i was already at about a 4 when we started. We laid out towels on the bed and watched a movie and drank. After almost 2 hours, he stopped letting me touch him and tease him. He put his legs together and pushed my hands away, getting far away from me on the bed. Then, i heard him say softly, "you win." I quickly put my hand between his legs and felt an absolute FLOOD puddling on the towels, soaking through about 5, some of them folded in half. Just that quiet little "you win" turned me on more than anything.

The most recent time was at the pool. We had gotten out to go home, and he mentioned that he needed to pee. I told him it was the perfect opportunity, he was already wet and no one could tell. We went around the corner of a building and sat on a bench. I anchored him down by sitting on his lap so he couldn't back out. I kissed him and talked to him but then i heard a gentle splashing sound and felt something spray against my leg. I looked through the slats of the bench and saw a puddle beneath him. I hugged him excitedly and encouraged him to let the rest out. He did, all at once, and then grabbed his things quickly and wrapped his towel around him and left.

I treasure these moments because it's rare that i can get him to do these things for me. I am the regular wetter, and he isn't always in the mood. I would love to hear more stories like ours :)

