The Great American Peeclipse

Author: Saltie

*000*2018-10-01 05:26

Now its time for me to share my favorite experience of all time… and not just when it comes to Omorashi. Even if I hadn’t had the chance to indulge in my fetish, I still would have enjoyed it immensely. This takes place over the course of three days, last year in August, during a major event… Care to guess what event that was? Should be easy enough to guess. No? Okay, okay, I’ll tell you:

The Great American Eclipse Peeclipse– Part 1

I had only seen a total eclipse in videos and images before. Space was one of my favorite school subjects when I was younger. But I hadn't given thought to watching an eclipse before. Nor had I realized, until only several months beforehand, that there would be one within driving distance of me. The fact that I would be able to see one without traveling great distances or crossing international borders was all the motivation I needed to plan a getaway for myself, and possibly anyone who wanted to join me. So, I began to make preparations.

Originally I was planning on making this a one-day trip. The center of totality was just over 200 miles away. I figured that I could go into work early, easily make it there, watch the eclipse, and head back to finish my shift, with approval from my boss. Then, a stray thought crossed my mind, that suddenly snowballed into this: “Good God man, what are you thinking? Do you think you’re going to be the ONLY person to go see this?” Then, the magnitude of what I needed to plan… eclipsed me. This was not going to be a one-day trip. Everybody and their mother, MILLIONS of people, were going to be traveling into the path of totality. Worst still, when that was over, a great number of those people would be jamming every square mile of the streets and Interstate between me and my home.

The fact that the path of totality stretched across the entire continental US was perhaps the only thing that made it possible for me to travel there with only months preparation in the first place. Perhaps on the way up, it wouldn’t be so bad, as everybody trickled in from hotels and were perhaps already staying in their destination. But the way back would be Hell. Still, after much research, I figured that I could easily give myself a full day to return home. But I made this a three-day trip, to give myself time to breathe and enjoy myself for two days before the eclipse. I invited some friends and family to come with me, but they declined, convinced that viewing a partial eclipse would be enough. I tried to convince them to come with me, even though it would deprive me of an opportunity to do literally what ever I wanted in my own privacy. I wanted to share the experience with someone.

Still, they either thought a partial eclipse was good enough, or they were otherwise too busy, or unwilling to accept my admittedly meager accommodations for the trip. Because I was unwilling to rent a hotel room for several thousand dollars anywhere within 30 miles of the line of totality, I settled for sleeping in the car on the eve of the eclipse. For the night before, however, I was able to arrange a hotel room somewhat close to my destination (which I shall keep a secret for privacy's sake) a couple months beforehand. Not cheap, I can assure you, but I could afford it at least. My destination was in rather remote territory in the Western US, north of a major city, or at least as major as it gets, but in a better position in the line of totality.

The weeks went by, and I put together a list of things I would need to take with me: Clothes for four days (not three), several pairs of eclipse glasses, toiletries, emergency medical supplies, a blanket, a pillow (I wanted to be at least somewhat comfortable sleeping in a car), some reading material, my phone charger, and a week's worth of food and water. Just in case I encountered car trouble, I also brought a multi-tool, and an air pump, after checking every inch of my car over entirely. 

My second, much more guarded list included some things dedicated to the pursuit of my more private endeavors. Some diapers, for instance. Remember when I said the trip back would be Hell? For most people, it would. But I saw an opportunity to indulge in desperation while stuck in severe traffic. In addition, I brought along some personal crafting projects I was working on. I got everything non-perishable together the night before my trip, and loaded them. I was scheduled to work on the Saturday before, so I had to deal with that first before departing.

Day One

Upon waking up, I put all of my perishable items into a cooler with bottles of ice, put it in the car, and drove off to work. Upon arriving, I took everything out, and put everything in the fridge and freezer at work. Better to keep everything as cool as I possibly could before I departed. I worked my shift, which was until the middle of the afternoon, then repacked my cooler. Upon leaving work, I drove to the nearest gas station, to top off the tank one last time, check all of my automotive fluids, and my tires. After verifying that everything was in as good of shape as it could be, I got out my GPS, set my MP3 player to my favorite playlist of Anime songs (Japanese, of course), pulled out on to the highway, and began the journey of a lifetime...

*002*2018-10-02 04:22

Part two

I began my drive, not bothering to take the Interstate at first, but driving on a long stretch of highway that would eventually lead to the interstate. It was a nice leisurely drive, with virtually nobody for miles. Slightly odd, I thought, but I figured that everyone was on the Interstate. I hit a stretch of winding roads, and took the curves at a relatively quick pace, enjoying a sporty little drive before slowing back down. I passed through a few towns along the way, before merging onto the Interstate about three hours before sunset. Before that, though, I began drinking a bottle of water I had brought with me.

Aha, there’s everyone. But still, there actually weren’t that many people on the interstate, so I was able to freely pass and change lanes. Loads of people were driving campers, and trucks with trailers, which told me that they, too, were headed up to watch the eclipse. It took another hour to finish the last leg, and by the time I did, I had finished the first bottle of water. Didn’t quite feel anything yet, but I wasn’t trying to be on the verge of pissing myself as I was trying to check into my hotel room.

I checked in, parked my car, and brought my stuff up… the room was actually not bad for what I paid during this time frame, considering the price of other hotels mere miles closer to the line of totality. I was about 60 miles away at this point. I did notice that one of the light bulbs was out. I figured I’d go and change that once I was done unloading, and putting things in the small fridge. I opened a second bottle of water, and began drinking again.

Once I got everything situated. I took a good look around the area. There was a store close by, so I could probably run to grab a spare light bulb to replace the burnt-out one if I wanted. Sure, I could simply just call room service and have them do that, I thought, but I liked to do things myself. Meanwhile, my bladder began to fill in earnest now, and I was starting to feel a distinct urge. I was about 3 or 4/10 on the scale.

So, I began unscrewing the light bulb. But it got stuck in the somewhat unusual housing it was contained in, so I began to work to figure out how to open it. As I succeeded in doing so, it happened…

No, I didn’t suddenly start spraying pee everywhere, if that’s what you were thinking. The next 5 seconds were almost as dramatic, though. My fingers of butter slipped on the light housing, and the burnt-out bulb fell out of my grasp. I fumbled it as I attempted to catch it, and it shattered on the hard wood floor around me.

My mouth letting flow a stream of expletives that would make Satan blush, I gingerly stepped so as not to step in shards of glass. Grabbing a spare sheet of paper I had brought with me, I got to the task of cleaning up the mess, completely forgetting about my slowly escalating need to pee. Finally, after what seemed like an hour, sweeping up glass shards with a ball of TP onto the paper, throwing them away, then picking up stray bits with ever-handy duct-tape, I finished. By the time I was done, I was at a firm 5/10, definitely feeling the urge to go, so I did what any sensible human being usually tries not to do when they have to pee: Drink more! I steadily drank more as I unpacked further, getting my craft work out, getting into bed and starting to figure out how I wanted to cut some fabric.

About an hour from sunset, I was definitely at a 6/10, and my need was growing fast. I figured this was a good time to put on one of my diapers. So I disrobed my lower half, and put one of my generic adult max-absorbency night-time pullups on. These things, while being small-sized, were still rather loose on me, and rode up high with utterly useless fabric three inches high all around, and leaked in any position that wasn’t sitting or standing upright. But, they’ve also shown themselves capable of not leaking in such positions when I unleash a painfully full flood in the past, so I found them acceptable.

I continued to drink more, but a short time after I had put the diaper on, my need increased exponentially. Suddenly I was at a 7/10, and deteriorating fast. I tried my best to measure, and cut pieces of fabric, and figure out where I wanted to place things, but after another half hour, I could barely even concentrate. The urge was driving me insane. No pain, just a ridiculously persistent, strong urge, as my bladder kept trying to make me let go.

I like to dub this “Incontinence by diaper”. Somehow, my unconscious self knows that I am either in a diaper, or in a perfectly reasonable situation to go and pee any time I wanted, and it then sends the appropriate signals to my bladder. Unconscious: “Hey, you can go now.” Bladder: “Okay.” *push* Me: “Hey, wait a moment, I’m busy here.” Bladder: “Nope, you can let me empty right now, so just do it.” *push* Me: “I’m trying to hold it back here. Let me test your limits without making a mess.” Bladder: “You’ve tested me enough, I’ll hold it when I actually have to.” *push*.

It’s like a lover’s quarrel between me and my own bladder, and it’s entirely dependent on whether I could freely pee or not. I quite literally have two separate desperation scales. I could be at work, dressed normally, engaged in my work while my bladder fills to the point where it hurts to stand up straight, and it won’t give me any trouble. Oh, I’ll be aware that I need to go, particularly as it expands against my waistband and I can feel an urge that I can suppress, but it won’t even bat an eye. (That actually happened this year too… boring account, nothing to write home about.)

But put on a diaper, AND be close to the bathroom in my own home, or in this case a hotel room, and half of the time all hell breaks loose. It will start contracting and giving me urges that would make any random 8 year old wet themselves explosively on the spot from the sheer intensity of them. The other half of the time, I will be able to get to the painful stage, but then it starts wreaking having and giving contractions that exceed my willpower to keep myself closed, making me hold myself to keep it in when, only 10 years earlier, I wouldn’t have had to in the same situation.

And so, I tried and tried to keep concentrating on my craft work. But soon it became impossible. I had to hold myself in my bed just to subdue the maddening urges and desperation. I was moaning and mumbling “God damn I gotta pee!” I could even feel it in my teeth. I held myself, with my legs crossed over my hand, now totally unable to do any sort of project, let alone one that required the use of both of my hands.

Ten minutes later, I couldn’t take it any more. I was about to explode at a capacity nowhere near my usual levels, completely non-painful, just absolutely desperate out of my mind. I could feel the urge throughout every inch of my body, from the tips of my toes almost to the ends of my hair. Even though I wanted to continue, I had actually enjoyed it enough to climax almost instantly on command, and propelled the desire to continue right out of me.

Moments later, I could feel myself leaking past now, as my bladder, at full strength, contracted with all it’s might, as I stumbled into the shower stall, and let explode into the diaper the most forceful piss I’ve had in recent memory. I reckon I might have been able to win an amateur distance contest. I made no effort to resist, and in fact bore down just to see how fast I could pee…

The diaper then began to leak out the sides, as it had pooled and overflowed before even having a good chance to absorb everything. It was as if Hurricane Irma was predicting itself in there. I did not care, though. A mere 30 seconds after I started, I was done. The magnitude of relief was quite satisfying. I proceeded to get myself cleaned up, taking the dripping, but only half-soaked diaper off into the garbage. I showered, peed again, and got myself dressed, taking the garbage bag, full of light bulb fragments and soiled diaper (what an odd combination), and throwing it in the bin outside in the darkening parking lot.

I continued to work on my crafts again, still going every hour or so, until I put on another diaper in the event that I somehow wet the bed, which I have never remembered doing in my life. I put on some music, and watched something on the tiny TV set, until I fell asleep, my first day being quite an adventure already.

Day Two

As day two began, I woke up to my alarm. I was still in a completely dry diaper, but really, really desperate from sleeping like a rock for 7 hours. I was painfully full for sure this time, and I could definitely feel my bladder bulging out. Good bladder. Why couldn’t you do this last night? I was at an 8/10, not too full. Usually I could easily do this without my bladder protesting for days afterwards, especially if I get painfully full in my sleep.

I paced around, danced and squirmed as I awoke more fully, keeping my hands off and allowing myself to spurt long and freely for several seconds at a time whenever a strong urge came, until I was empty again, at a pace which did not cause any leaks. I walked around, enjoying the feeling, and after I finished, I discarded the used urinary receptacle, showered again, and got dressed.

I got out my breakfast, cold cereal with milk, and started eating. 8 AM. I wanted to finish doing the crafts that I had started the other night while I ate breakfast, but found that it was taking a lot longer to finish what I wanted to do than I thought it would. So I began to pack up, as I had to check out before 10 AM or so. I started to pack up, leaving my cooler and perishables for last, as I loaded up my car. Doing a double-check to make sure I left nothing behind, I pissed one more time, before checking out, grabbing some free coffee, and departing once again towards my destination.

After about half an hour, I realized I did forget something. I forgot to replace the light bulb that I broke. “Eh, it was burnt out anyways, they won’t miss it”, and kept on going. I took another highway this time, one that passed through many towns, and some pretty weird sights that I would bet were only seen in extremely rural areas… like a pickup truck towing a trailer with axles so wide they took up the entire road… those axles being full of nothing but giant rows of tires. I almost rear-ended the thing doing a double-take, it was so bizarre. Words are insufficient, but I was laughing too hard to think of taking pictures.

An hour later, I entered the predicted path of totality, and things changed pretty quick. Almost immediately, I could see large, open fields full of cars, trucks, and people, with some places charging hundreds of dollars for the privilege of staying there the week. Damn, why didn’t I move here and think of that? I could have retired with the amount of money some of these people were probably making.

Soon, I approached my destination town. I would have gotten there faster by the interstate, but then I would have missed all the weird and wonderful sights along the way! I entered the town, and it wasn’t too bad, I thought I could live here. There actually weren’t that many people here, as I thought might happen. Everyone was grouping themselves in the larger city that was more… convenient? It was closer to the freeway for sure, but finding space just to park there would be hell, I was sure.

There certainly were more people than I thought would be natural for a town of this size, no doubt from people who were smart, like me, and chose a less crowded venue with almost identical conditions for eclipse-viewing. I proceeded to scout around, to find a decent place to set up camp for the night. There were plenty of spots in a Walmart parking lot, but I really didn’t feel like watching an eclipse there. But I did decide to do some last-minute research on my phone for taking pictures of the eclipse, as I began to eat some lunch.

I went into the store, and grabbed myself a cheap zoom lens that clipped onto one’s phone, and a selfie stick of all things. I already had a tripod with me. I figured I could duct-tape the selfie stick to it, to provider a convenient way to mount my phone to take pictures. Imagine my surprise when I found the screw holes for the camera mount, and the selfie-stick clamp were identical. Cool! I can screw the mount onto the tri-pod, and use the selfie stick button to press the shutter! I also had a more sophisticated camera app than my phone came with, which allowed tons of different settings that I can’t be bothered to recall here. I was set.

I continued to drive around the place, taking in the sights, nothing too eventful. Eventually I found an ideal place that let people park overnight for eclipse viewing for a small sum of money, and I took advantage. I began playing around with the camera settings, positioning the zoom lens, and cut a spare pair of eclipse glasses up to use as a solar filter for my zoom lens. The last thing I needed to do was burn a hole in my phone, after all. As the sun set, I practiced pointing my camera and taking pictures, and flipping obscene gestures at a large formation of approaching clouds.

The place I was staying provided public bathrooms, so no Omorashi fantasies were going to come true this night, but I wasn’t concerned about that. I did put on another diaper for overnight, just because I could, in a bathroom stall. I put my cooler in my trunk, as I was intending to sleep in the back bench seat in my car.

As night fell, I set my alarm for early in the morning, but found that I couldn’t fall asleep right away. Maybe it was the excitement… or maybe it was the seat belt buckle poking into my ribs. But either way, I felt like a little kid on Christmas eve. Eventually I fell into a restless sleep… to more Japanese anime music (“Don’t you listen to anything else?” - “Um… no, not really.”), along with the probably 20 or so other people in the same parking lot.

*003*2018-10-22 03:02

I'm not dead, I've just been busy with real life, is all. So, at last, here is the conclusion to my experience last year.

Part Three

Day Three

I awoke at roughly 6 AM, not having gotten much sleep. But sleep was the least of my concerns at the moment. Like the kid on Christmas morning who is waiting for their parents to get up, I climbed out of my car, with my third pair of clothes in hand. I walked into the bathroom, used the diaper I was wearing on the spot just because I could, changed out of that and my old clothes, and into my new ones. Afterwards, I went back to my car, ate breakfast, before rearranging my things for my trip home. Then I got my viewing position setup. The conditions were perfect. There was hardly any clouds in the sky, and just a slight dust haze on the horizon. I pulled out a camping chair, got my tripod/selfie stick abomination out, and clamped my phone into it. Then I plugged the shutter… stick button into the audio jack, clamped the zoom lens onto the camera face, and taped my makeshift solar filter onto the front of the lens, before pointing it directly at the sun.

Not bad, I thought. Looking at the sun through the phone display (hard to do without looking at the sun, truthfully), I felt that this obviously wasn’t going to melt a hole in my phone. I fiddled with the exposure, trying to get it to remain exactly the same, but being unable to quite figure out how to do that, settled for just winging it as the eclipse went on. Then I got my pair of eclipse glasses, and set them on my head, ready to put over my eyes as soon as it started. I turned my car’s radio on, to listen to any news about the eclipse, and waited. I got out some snacks, and munched on those, until, taking a 5th peek at the sun with my eclipse glasses, I saw it. The moon was beginning to move into the sun’s disc. This was it! I was quite excited, like a kid about to open Christmas presents.

I began taking several pictures. Amateur that I was, I was lousy at tracking the sun’s movement. “This is insane”, I thought. “Here I am, taking pictures of the sun, using a phone with a cheap zoom lens attached to it, with the phone attached to part of a Selfie stick, attached to a tripod.” This was literally the most jerry-rigged setup I had ever come up with, and it was awesomely amateurish. But hey, it’s what I could afford at the time. As time moved on, I noticed it wasn’t getting all that much darker at first. It wasn’t until about 30 minutes in, 45 minutes before totality, that I really started to notice changes. The sky started to darken perceptibly, but in a bit of an unusual way. The center of the sky was still bright, but the horizon, all around, started to darken. It also began to cool down. So much so that 45 minutes in, I had to put on a jacket.

This was incredible, I thought. Absolutely incredible. I had never seen anything quite like this before. 20 minutes to go, and the sky was definitely starting to darken, and it really was getting quite cold, but the air was completely still. 10 minutes left, and the horizon started turning an utterly gorgeous shade of purple as it got darker and darker with every passing second. The small crowd around me was talkative, animated. I was too immersed in my own excitement to remember what they were saying. As the final minutes ticked by, the entire rest of the sky, except for just around the sun and moon, were turning purple and blue. The horizon was turning orange, oddly enough. I took quick, split-second peeks of the sun without my eclipse glasses (Just because I survived with my sight perfectly intact doesn't mean you should try that at home, kids). The sun was now almost a sliver in front of my eclipse glasses. I re-positioned my camera to take pictures of totality.

Then the diamond-ring effect came. But mere seconds before, I could distinctly hear the roaring sound of what seemed to be thousands of people cheering… from what I was certain was a larger city over ten miles away. Then I took off my eclipse glasses, and flipped the filter off my camera lens, as the diamond ring effect disappeared, along with everything but the Sun’s Corona. “Oh... my... fucking... God...” were the only words to escape my lips, as I witnessed what was, without a doubt, the most beautiful sight I have ever seen in my entire life. I felt the presence of God himself, probably telling me to stop cursing in his name, and that I’d be going to Hell now, but it was easily a spiritual feeling for sure. I stood there, frozen, unable to look away. Then I shook myself free from the awe, as I remembered “Hey, you idiot. Take a picture!”

$$

Pictures, as it became very, very plain and clear to me this day, will never, ever capture the full effect of a solar eclipse. The sun was dark, the sky immediately around it also dark, but everything beyond was surrounded by a breathtaking purple-orange glow. I wanted to piss myself just from the beauty of it all. And then, as suddenly as it came, the diamond ring effect appeared on the other side of the sun. I was shaking all over, panting as if I had just sprinted across a football field. I could hardly contain myself from shouting out from the excitement of what had just happened. I wanted to hug someone, but all there was were random strangers. I was the happiest man in the world right now. Every day before and after would pale in comparison to this. Nothing could ever top this. Nothing.

I remained in the parking lot, while most everyone else proceeded to clear out, to watch the remainder of the eclipse, as the moon moved out of the sun’s disc, as I packed up some things, like my chair, my tri-selfie-stick-pod, while continuing to watch the moon’s progress, until an hour and 15 minutes later, it moved out of the sun’s disc entirely. It was over. Time to go home. Ah, but first, time to prepare. I started drinking my water. Then, I discretely grabbed my bag full of... one last diaper, and went into the building with the restrooms. Only now did I notice that there was a restroom with a locking door. Oh cool, privacy! I went in, took one of my adult overnight diapers, and a Goodnites Trufit refill pad out. I put the pad in the pullup as a booster. I put it on, wrapped my jacket around me, because anyone who bothered to look in my general direction would know what I was wearing under my jeans, and got into my car.

I got a gallon jug of water out of my cooler, and secured it in the passenger seat, so that I could refill my drinking bottle whenever I pleased. I downed what was left in the bottle in my cup-holder in one go, and refilled it. Then I put on my usual playlist, and began my trip home. I set my GPS to take the same highways I took to drive into the town. It didn’t take very long to find a nice, long line of cars in a virtual stand-still. After spending 20 minutes in this line, I turned onto another highway as directed by my GPS, which took a nice, winding road through a field, with no traffic at all. It was a nice, leisurely drive, as I made my way to the main highway that I intended to take.

Eventually, I approached the aforementioned large city, an interstate junction, and a gas station… and the scene was crazy. The entire two-lane road going in the direction away from the eclipse was backed up farther than the eye could see. The other side of the road, heading towards, was almost completely bare. Meanwhile, the interstate was in a very similar state, except now there were three lanes totally backed up instead of two. I had heard rumors of there being porta potties along the interstate. 

“Well, that won’t be any fun, will it?” I said to myself, and resolved to take the highway ahead instead. I maneuvered my way into the completely packed gas station, and topped my car off, and did another fluid/tire check. Then I went in, and got in line for the bathroom. Sadly nobody was showing outward signs of desperation, as I waited my turn, and went in. I used this break to fully evacuate myself before heading out into the abyss of cars that lie ahead. I got back into my car afterwards, took the jacket off from around myself, and then proceeded to sit there waiting for an opportunity to turn back into the highway, which came about 2 minutes later.

And so, the snail’s crawl home began. But I wasn’t content with sitting there the entire time either. I took some side streets to bypass large chunks of traffic for a miles or two, rejoined, took another side street, using my GPS to make sure I wasn’t going to hit a dead end. I also continued to drink, downing another bottle of water, and refilling it when I was stopped.

Then I rejoined the highway to travel further than the city, no more side streets to divert myself down. As my um… “drinking and driving” continued (this was pure, filtered water, don’t be thinking of me in that light), I blasted my playlist out of my windows. Anyone unlucky enough to be within earshot got earfuls of the most obvious Japanese anime songs in existence. And soon enough, I began to feel my bladder fill. This was going to be an experiment. I was in a thick diaper, but not anywhere near a bathroom. Would my bladder protest being filled unjustly, or would it behave itself because I was wholly unaccustomed to peeing in the driver’s seat, in public?

*First hold/bout of desperation*

The minutes ticked by. I drank more water, refilled my bottle, drank more, refilled, until about a third of the gallon was gone, being consumed in about an hour after starting from the eclipse viewing location. So approximately 20 minutes had gone by since I left that gas station, and I was at a 3/10 on the desperation scale. I had traveled only a few miles since then, approximately 5 miles or so. Now the traffic was stop and go slow. Stop for 2 minutes and go 10 MPH for 2 minutes. Over and over again. There must be a traffic light ahead, I thought. 

10 minutes later, I took another big drink. As I reached a 4/10, I shifted in my seat a little bit to get more comfortable. Continuing to crawl along, I noted a distinct lack of bathrooms, save for a single store on the side of the road that I passed 10 minutes later, with a line coming out of it. I began to debate with my own bladder on whether I should stop or not… for about a tenth of a second, as it mildly reminded me that it was filling, but I immediately looked away. “No bathroom for you!”

My bladder seemed to accept this fact, grudgingly. Now I was at a 5/10. I began to move around a bit more to stave off the urge. So far so good. My bladder was otherwise behaving. More minutes ticked by. Another 5 minutes in, I was at a 6/10, the urge was distinct, and my bladder was starting to call attention to itself. But my unconscious desire to not wet my car seat overrode it, and, as if it kicked it in the balls to keep it quiet, my bladder calmed down again. But my conscious mind was already making preparations for the impending flood… by drinking yet more water, downing another bottle, and refilling it, now leaving the gallon bottle nearly half empty. I also unzipped my jeans, and put a jacket over myself, so that I could hold myself through my diaper when I wanted, or needed to.

Continuing to crawl along at the usual snail’s pace, and I was quite fidgety now. I started rubbing my legs together, as I reached a 7/10 10 minutes later. So far I had been driving for just over an hour, making just a little progress, but a lot of urine. I looked up and down the street. Only houses and fields, no bathrooms in sight. Perfect. A filling bladder and nowhere to go. My bladder protested that thought by sending another twinge my way, and I crossed my legs over themselves. This was difficult to do while driving, and I ended up using my left foot to step on the gas, and my right foot to brake. Not the easiest thing to do, but I learn quickly.

I had to bring my steering wheel up to do this though, and bringing it back down to my preferred position was difficult. However, that also made it so that my legs were locked into the crossed position, which was fine with me. I was starting to get desperate now. I could feel my bladder getting bigger in my abdomen, and I could start to feel it in my pelvic area if I pushed there. The urge came in waves, staved off rather easily though. I squirmed in my seat to lessen the strong urge, as I coordinated my feet to step on the right pedals with difficulty. 20 minutes later, and I was approaching an 8/10, my threshold for pain. Tightening my crossed legs rhythmically, and arching my back, I was definitely desperate now. But no leaking yet, or even a hint of a leak, so it seemed my theory was proving reliable. I finished off my bottle of water in my cup holder. As I rocked back and forth, and squirmed more uncontrollably, I found that some of my methods for holding were proving troublesome.

With my crossed legs, it was, of course, more difficult to coordinate my pedal work. It was also not easy to steer with my thigh constantly pressing against the bottom of it. My bladder was now also beginning to protrude from my abdomen, touching my thigh a little bit. I figured that I wanted better control of my car, so I brought my wheel up so that I could uncross my legs, as I transitioned into a solid 8/10. But after I uncrossed my legs, I found that my need to pee doubled. I could feel the pressure at my sphincter constantly. For the next 10 minutes, all of the desperate squirming, bouncing, rocking, and rubbing my legs together in the world not only did nothing to stave this feeling off, it also didn’t help me concentrate on my driving at all, as I came close to rear-ending the car in front.

So I had no choice but to re-cross my legs again to help me hold it in and still be able to concentrate on driving in this snail’s pace, as my bladder expanded further, now quite palpable in my abdomen as a bulge the size of an orange. Then I had an idea. It was kinda wild, but I thought it would help out. I pulled onto a side road, buttoned myself up, got out, slightly bent over and shifting from foot to foot, unable to hold still any longer. I grabbed my crow bar from my trunk, and got back in. I wrapped my jacket over it for some wider padding, stuck it between my diaper and my jeans, pulled my jeans up as far as I could, and re-crossed my legs, somehow not crushing my balls in the process.

That was much better, as the crowbar put some much needed pressure down there. But it was more difficult to keep my legs crossed, so down the steering wheel went again. I couldn’t quite put it down as far as I wanted too, and then there was the crowbar. It was pushing the crowbar down, taking that pressure off. So I put it through the spokes of the wheel. Now, it was even more difficult to steer than before. Straddling a crowbar resting on the bottom of the steering wheel, every movement I made also moved the steering wheel. So I figured out that I should simply lift the crow bar off the wheel with a free hand.

This was easily going to help me hold it for as long as I wanted. It was as good as holding myself, but I could use the full strength of both of my arms if necessary. Naturally, I believed that I was not going to attempt to hold it to the point that I would punch holes in the space-time continuum with my pee stream if I didn’t leverage a crowbar with both of my arms to hold it in at all cost. Of course, it wasn’t as satisfying as actually holding myself, so I began to grab myself with a free hand, and steering with another, keeping the bar below the wheel so that I could freely steer. The problem with this was that I was slightly more exposed to anyone who wanted to take a good long look inside my car, I tried to re-position what remained of my jacket to help compensate, and was able to cover the diaper for the most part. Now someone would have to come right up to my window and stare in to see what was going on, as I had rolled my windows up long ago.

Over the next 10 minutes, I was squirming non-stop, clenching and un-clenching my legs rhythmically. I was sweating from the effort now, and my AC was weak as hell, so it provided little relief. It was becoming more and more difficult to not want to let go in my seat right there. My bladder had now expanded to the size of a grapefruit, and it hurt. I felt it, and it was getting firm as I rubbed my hand over the bulge. It wasn’t as distinct from the rest of my abdomen as it was 10 years ago, as I had gained some belly fat in those 10 years, but it was definitely visible. I looked down the road, and the line of cars continued farther than the eye could see, with no bathroom in sight. I wanted to try to make it home. Hah, fat chance. That was still hours away. It seemed like weeks away at the rate we were moving. I hadn’t even traveled 50 miles by my odometer, and I had left the eclipse site two hours ago.

I crawled onward, now having to uncross my legs because my thigh was crushing my bladder. Now I was grabbing myself on and off. I didn’t need to hold myself to keep the pee in, but I needed to hold myself to give myself some desperately needed relief from the urge, the pain, the pressure. It was hurting quite a bit now, as my bladder continued to expand further. I felt like if I tried to hold with my sphincter alone, it would soon be forced open, and I would burst. I kept muttering “Oh, I have to pee. I REALLY have to pee. Please let me pee.”

“No, you can hold it in.” Arguing with myself like a madman.

After 10 more minutes of holding myself, I was bursting. I was at a 9/10. My bladder, miraculously, was still behaving itself to a point. But it hurt. It really hurt. The pressure at my sphincter was now endless, and so strong that relaxing for the slightest instant would make me leak out. But I was still holding on, and I had not leaked yet. I shifted myself diagonally so that I could pull up on the crowbar to help me hold it without my steering wheel getting in the way. I desperately wanted to cross my legs, but my attempt to do so was fruitless. My thigh crushed my bladder every time I tried, it hurt too much. So I had to settle for keeping them glued together, rubbing as I alternated between holding myself, and using the crowbar to put pressure down there. I decided to try to let myself leak out, but I found that I couldn’t bring myself to do it. Every time I tried to relax and let some out, I reflexively clamped back down at full strength.

I did everything I could to try to pee while driving, but it was no use. I even pressed down on my bladder with increasing pressure, and I could feel myself so close to leaking past, but all I did was squirm and clamp right back down every time I was about to relax. So I went back to holding myself to take the edge off, and rubbing my poor distended bladder with the other, continuing to drive onward. There was literally nowhere to even pull over to so that I could get out of the driver’s seat to try to wet myself freely. No crossroads. No shoulder. No parking lots. Nothing.

My bladder was almost up to my navel now, but the pain was not getting that much worse any more. I could feel my pee sloshing around in there. But I was at least still enjoying myself. The rush, the desperate need was exciting. I continued on like this for probably half an hour. I spread my legs. I took the crowbar out of my jeans. My bladder was not spasming, and I was not getting urges to bear down, as my bladder continued to expand. Nor was I getting any sort of pain in my backside. My unconscious self simply refused to allow me, or force me, to wet myself in the driver’s seat. It somehow kept an iron grip on my pee, that would let it come just to the tip, then clamp down again, teasing and torturing me. Ordinarily I would have been wetting myself while trying to hold on before.

At the end of this half hour, the pain was increasing quite a bit, but not as much as I expected. The pressure at my pee hole was incredibly strong. I didn’t want to hold it any more. It was no longer enjoyable. I had tried waiting until I thought I would leak for sure, but I was just too leak-proof in the driver’s seat. I could only manage tiny dribbles at this point. The unstoppable pressure, meeting a seemingly in-penetrable defense, made me feel I was fully at 10/10. My bladder wasn’t even protesting and contracting, and it was driving me mad. "At least make me feel like I might wet myself uncontrollably, will you!", I thought to myself. I felt my cantaloupe-sized bladder, expanded up to my navel, and it was rock-solid. I couldn’t put a dent in it when I pushed with a finger as hard as I could bear. At least that increased the pain to unbearable levels. Dying to be “allowed” to let go, I wanted to let it out. I wanted to wet myself. I had to pee, Now, and I couldn't.

It seemed the only way I was going to be able to let it out was if I pulled over and got out of the driver’s seat. I have no doubt I could have held it in still if I remained on the highway in the driver’s seat until I was at, and even well past the point of my uncontrollable release 10 years ago, but I might have crashed into someone if I tried, or exploded, or both. Certainly that was the last thing that I wanted to end up happening. I hadn’t expected to be able to get full enough to consider that I might risk a rupture by turtle-speed car accident. I felt I no longer had a choice. I had to find a place to pull off.

But there hadn't been another place to pull out of traffic for half an hour now. I looked frantically for a side road to pull over on, and by sheer luck, I saw one off in the distance. After 5 minutes of torture from feeling the urge and my urethra's protests through out my body, distracting me enough that I almost rear-ended someone again, I nearly reached it, then the cars stopped.

"Oh, move already", I moaned out loud, though nobody could hear me with my windows closed. The sensations I was feeling were intense. I genuinely felt that if I couldn't let it out soon I would surely explode. Finally, just as I was about to pull into the quite empty on-coming lane, the traffic moved again, just enough to allow me to turn legally on the side street. I drove down a little ways, parked, and tried to climb into the back seat, sweating profusely from all the movement I was doing, my shirt sticking to me. No wonder my bladder wasn't expanding that much in the past half an hour... I was sweating all the water that I drank out now.

Now, here was some of the pain that I had imagined I would be in. Every thing I needed to do to get into the back seat without getting out of my car was torture. I couldn’t move my leg over my arm rest, my bladder was in the way! moving my leg to go over my seat crushed my bladder. Ow, I was way too full. It felt like it wanted to come out my eye sockets. I had barely leaked a few drops, my backside still wasn’t hurting, and I wasn’t in quite as much pain as I was 10 years ago, so I wouldn’t count this as my most desperate moment, but I wasn’t too far off. I just wanted to wet myself now, before I let myself get too full, for fear of hurting myself.

Once I was able to gingerly move to the back seat, it was as if a switched flipped in my unconscious. Now all of a sudden I was struggling to not leak while I pulled my pants down, laid back on my back seat, and covered myself with my blanket, dribbling out with every movement, and I was moving a lot. Enjoying myself once again, and way too much, all I had to do was grab at myself once, and I came almost instantly. I continued to try to hold it in, clamping down as hard as I possibly could without my hands, but my sphincter felt tired, oddly enough. Sensing I was no longer in the driver’s seat, my body was now trying to get me to let go involuntarily. Now I was definitely ready to wet myself. I wanted to get my phone and record this, but I was far too distracted to remember where I put it. A couple moments later, an irresistible urge to release, combined with the insane pressure, and I couldn’t keep myself clamped shut one second longer. So I sat myself upright, and let myself go.

Slowly, very slowly I wet myself in a small trickle of pee. I got an urge to bear down, and I took it, pushing it out in a bit larger of a trickle. The pressure was making me grip anything in sight as I felt it in my teeth, moving my legs around because I was still inconsolably desperate while wetting myself at the same time. I rubbed my swollen bladder and pushed to keep going, I was still so full I couldn’t stand it. Was I even emptying faster than I was filling? Not any more, as the stream had stopped. I waited a couple minutes, got on my hands and knees, covered by the blanket, releasing some pressure on my urethra and let another small stream out again.

I continued this for at least 2 minutes, trying to push more pee out of my overstretched bladder. Then I waited 5 minutes when I couldn't get any more out... I was still so full that my bladder was bulging out of me. But after 5 minutes, I had allowed my bladder to contract back down so that when I let go again, a much stronger stream burst forth. For approximately 20 seconds, I began to feel genuine relief, until suddenly I could hear another car. Someone else decided to drive down the same road I did, and parked way too close for comfort to allow me to continue. “Oh, fuck, go away, I’m still so full!” I mumbled, as I very reluctantly pulled myself together, and slinked into the driver’s seat again.

It hurt still, but it was either get away from there, or be seen by some random stranger in a very odd position, something that I am not exactly fond of. So I got back into the traffic, still bursting. 15 minutes later, now my bladder was in full protestation mode. “Hey, you cut me off. I’m not done yet!” as it spasmed and I got more urges to bear down on my still bulging bladder. I took my jacket and put it over myself, unzipped and removed my pants as best I could, and attempted to oblige. My sphincter, thankfully, obeyed my commands at last, as I was able to freely let it out, or at least as long as the traffic would allow. It would only allow me to let out medium-duration spurts with the duration of each start and stop.

This went on for 10 whole minutes, a cycle of relief, everyone stops, “FUCK!”, more relief, “Alright, I’ll move.”, more relie... “Oh come on, I couldn’t even get started!”, until finally I was empty at last. The front of my diaper, where part of the trufit insert was located, was nearly bigger than my bladder was. The diaper bulge was so large that I was literally unable to zip my jeans up over it, so I had no choice but to drive like this. Not that I minded. 30 minutes, as I drove at a walking pace, my bladder filled to a point, then demanded that I let it go, or it would force it out. I decided to try to hold it, so my bladder took matters into it's own... urethra? My muscles were now too tired to hold anything back even though I tried, further filling my diaper as I uncontrollably wet myself. There was at least a liter in this diaper right now, probably more. My bladder, still sore from the hold, throbbed every now and then.

As I drove, we finally reached areas that had plenty of side roads where I could divert around portions of this massive traffic jam, eventually significantly putting distance between me, and whoever I was stuck with. Over the next two hours, as I took side roads and took liberty with my GPS's directions (once having to turn around), the sun was getting lower in the sky. As all the rest of the water I drank made it's way through me, I continued to be powerless to stop wetting myself after I got full enough, such that my boosted diaper was so preposterously overfilled it looked like it was bursting at the seams, damp at the leg holes, about to leak onto my seat if it hadn't already. As I didn't want it to explode all over me by being compressed, it was also preventing me from bringing my knees within four inches of each other in any orientation, preventing me from rubbing my legs together to help me hold it longer.

*Second/Third bouts of desperation*

But I didn't care about how full the diaper was until I approached a gas station near my hotel room from the previous Saturday. I began to wonder how the hell I was going to remove this thing that was now half the size of me without being seen. I was unable to pull my pants over it after the first full-bladder's worth, never mind now, after what was probably the equivalent of two liter's worth. But there was also a more serious problem. I had to pee again. Badly. And I was getting more desperate fast, squirming like a child and wanting to hold myself and push my legs together. But if I did those, it would be as good to my seat as if I wet myself right there. I had now regained enough control to be able to stave off the urges and hold it for longer, so this was going to be a fairly big wetting if I didn't make it to a bathroom. I was sure that my diaper was not going to be able to contain this one without leaking.

But by the time I got to the station, and parked in a far corner of the building, I was leaking out as I desperately tried to hold back another flood that was about to break past the floodgates. I was never going to make it. I took the blanket and covered myself in the direction of any possible passers by, as I tried to move into the back seat of the car, partially obstructed by the sagging bulk between my legs, sweating again as if I just got out of a swimming pool. Somehow keeping myself covered only just, I felt like I was losing all control again, unable to hold on a second longer, a couple seconds before I managed to get over the seats and in the back. I forced myself to hold it no matter the cost. Still I leaked slowly. I got into a good wetting position on my knees on the back floor of my car, leaking the entire time, as the dam was about to burst again, and I was about to begin flooding the diaper for what felt like the dozenth time.

Then I began to feel the diaper leak in earnest out the side, squished by my legs in the more cramped sideways position which made me bring my legs together. "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" I said. I couldn't hold it in anymore, and only holding myself under my diaper stopped it as I otherwise would have lost it. "Oh God, Oh God, Oh God!" I moaned, as my bladder's protests made themselves so prominent, I almost wanted to cry. Regaining my composure, I thought I would attempt to position the diaper so that it would simply pool in the bottom instead of out the side. I tore off the sides with my remaining hand to allow more room for my impending flood to pool between the leak guards, when I saw that the very back of the diaper was still relatively dry. Salvation! I took it out from under me, turned it around, put it back under me, and rammed the back of the diaper over my dick, all with my remaining hand, as I lost all control at last.

I pissed full-force for what felt like forever, though it was probably only a minute, and the relief was overwhelming. Shaking as the stream finally ended, the diaper just barely containing everything, I climaxed yet again into the back of the diaper, then rested my upper body on my back seat, exhausted and 'drained' in more ways than one. I wanted to lay there and go to sleep, and indeed let myself rest there for about 5 minutes before I took the diaper out from under me, and looked to inspect the damage. My shirt was soaked in my own sweat, my floor had two soft-ball sized wet spots from the diaper leaking. My drivers seat had what looked like drying wet spots, but they were tiny.

My bladder then reminded me that it was currently the size of a raisin by sending me twinges, so I figured it would be an excellent time to clean up. I pulled myself together again, carefully threw the diaper in a nearby trash can along with some other trash in my car to cover it, then went into the bathroom to pee for 10 seconds in a stall before cleaning myself up... My pants were dry, relatively speaking, though with my shirt almost dripping with sweat, I honestly thought nobody would have noticed if I wet myself. I got back into my car, and made myself a quick lunch/dinner/whatever meal period it was. I was waiting until more of my water had evacuated from me before setting out again. One hour since I last went, sure enough, I was getting desperate to pee again at a 7/10. I was about to get out and go, when my phone rang. Shit.

It was one of my relatives. They were interested in my trip and how my drive home was going, among other things, and they were the type that never stops talking. I spoke, growing more desperate every moment, wishing I had just one more diaper as I hit 8/10. I didn't want to walk in the bathroom and pee while talking on the phone, but I didn't want to wet myself while talking either.

After 15 minutes, I could barely concentrate on the conversation, I was squirming and grabbing myself frequently while trying to not make too much noise. But my desperation increased only a little bit, until 20 minutes in, when I nearly wet myself after my bladder spasmed so hard I had to hold myself as hard as I could with my legs crossed over my hand. I got them off the phone, finally, almost by telling them that I was about to flood my entire car in front of the gas station after sitting in traffic forever, but they had simply finished and hung up. I sprinted into the thankfully empty bathroom yet again, and made it.

Not taking any more chances, I sat down on the toilet and proceeded to wait for another 20 minutes, when I finally felt like my output had finally slowed to a level where I could make it to the next gas station. I only had to go a little bit after those 20 minutes. So, with the sun starting to set, I proceeded onto the interstate, which was, perhaps not unsurprisingly, flowing a hell of a lot faster than the highway I was on. Not at full speed, but easily highway speeds. I could definitely make it to another gas station like this, perhaps even home depending on my need. I drove for a good hour, stopping at another gas station to relieve myself, then got back on the highway yet again, as it was now almost deserted. I guessed that everybody had enough of the highway and got on the freeway instead.

Driving for another two hours into the night, I finally reached somewhat familiar sights. I got out, and tried to go into another gas station to relieve myself again... Closed. Crap. I decided proceed further to a gas station that we go to when we travel this road when going out of state... that was closed as well, and I was probably at a 5/10. At this point, I was less than an hour away from home, so I decided that I could make it the rest of the way, and I did without any trouble. In fact I was able to unload my car before taking one last piss, taking a shower because I smelled from sweating like crazy... among other things. I went to bed, thoroughly wiped out, bladder still a bit sore, but completely satisfied from experiencing the best day of my life. My only possible regret is that I don't recall seeing anyone else desperate to pee, probably because I was extremely desperate myself.

