Bad wetting

Author: XwetX

*000*2017-12-31 11:30

Okay so let me just say that I have always been known to have a weak bladder.. But I could never get desperate.

I was was driving to Dover ( like a 10 hour drive) and I had a few water bottles with me and decided to do a little experiment. Every time traffic would slow down or stop, I would drink a whole water bottle.

About one hour in I was starting to get feeling of my bladder filling slowly. But I wanted to see how long I could go, so I kept on with my little game.

Two hours in it it starts to hit me, I start crossing my legs. But yet again, I continued. I drank about 10 water bottles so far.

Three hours in it got up to about a 4/5. I was very tightly crossing my legs for dear life. But the challenge must go on.

Five hours in. It is about 10:30 pm, most places would be closed, I started getting really desperate. I would shake and jiggle, I saw a sign on the side of the road that said hotel next five miles. I debated if I should pee on the side of the road or not. My jeans were no help to me sitting down. I decided to stay driving to the motel.

Another hour passed and I was almost to the hotel.i couldn’t exactly hold myself because I had to hold the wheel and make sure that I held my phone up for a gps. I was shaking and jiggling more now, trying to desperately hold it in.

A few few minutes later I pull into the hotel parking lot. I go to get out of my car and I squirted a bit. I grabbed my basic luggage and walked inside, shifting my weight on each foot. I walk in and see the receptionist staring at me curiously. “Give me a room” I said.

I was standing there holding myself, hands between my thighs, and then my legs crossed around it. I finally got my badge and room number but it was all the way upstairs and they didn’t have an elevator. I carefully but quickly walked up the steps, I had to stop in between sometimes when I had almost lost it all and exploded. I get up to the top of the steps and start walking down a long hallway. I get a huge urge and bend down fast and put my hand on my crotch to try to stop it. I didn’t exacrly like holding my dick. I quickly walked the rest of the way to the hotel room. I threw my bag down and tried to get the door open. At first it didn’t open but it eventually did.

I threw my things on the bed then walked into the bathroom. All of the sudden my girlfriend messaged me and said she was spending the night with me in the hotel. All of the sudden there was a knock on the door. I quickly hopped into the bathtub and made it seem like I was just getting out of the shower. She walked in and said hi, asked me a few questions then went outside in the other room. I quickly hopped out of the shower. I debated how badly I actually needed to go and I was about to explode. I had tried to undo my belt but had no such luck. I shoved my hand in my pants and held my dick tightly to try to hold it easier. I tried my best to get my pants down but it just wasn’t budging.

I start squirting all over my hand so I squeeze tighter and it stops. I walk out into the other room to grab a knife to cut my jeans off, when my girlfriend is making dinner and has the sink running, my hands go right to my dick and try to squeeze it through my pants but it doesn’t work. A small stream comes out. My girlfriend turns to me and pushes me onto the bed (she loved having sex while I was desperate) I explained to her that I was going to wee on her. She did not care, she took a knife and cut my belt and it slid right off. She Took off my jeans and my underwear, I right away had my hand on my dick to avoid wee getting on the bed.

She got undressed and climbed on top of me. I pushed her off and sat up on the edge of the bed. I started to pee everywhere. I grabbed my dick and wrapped my underwear around it so I wouldn’t pee. “Give me a cup!! Give me a cup” I could feel the underwear unravel and pee slipping out. She handed me an empty beer bottle and I peed into the bottle. I moaned in relief a few times then looked down to see that the bottle was filling up “I’m gonna need another!!!” And we were all out. Pee started spilling over. I grabbed my dick and cupped my hand hard over the top of it and kept pinching it closed. I stood up and it went all over the floor, I moaned and groaned in relief and just stood there in shock. That was the second most desperate I’ve ever been.

