Desperate memories from my GF

Author: buddydede1

*000*2020-03-16 08:40

Hi everybody,

I´m new to this forum and am so happy that I found you guys. I a great desperation lover. Unfortunately my girlfriend Ina is absolutely not in it. The opposite is the case as she is quiet shy about peeing.

But last Christmas she and I told us how we celebrated x-mas at home with our family when we were younger. When she told me that she always had to play the recorder, I was kind of surprised as I didn´t know, she can or could play it. She explained to me that she was taught at school. That lead to a great and for me exciting discussion. You need to know, that Ina is quiet shy about her body functions. She tries to avoid going to the bathroom in public or with other noticing that she goes and she will not tell anybody if she has to go, but tries to go inconspicuously. Even will she conceal her need if it becomes desperate.

But when she told me about her recorder lessons it became a long story about her being desperate. Maybe because she was rather young and it was over 10 years ago, but she described it in every detail. I will try to document the discussion we had as genuine as possible.

Me: “So why did you stop playing it? Didn´t you like the recorder?”

“Oh, I liked the recorder, I only hated the lessons.”

“Why that?”

“Well, it was always an extra hour from 1-2pm on Tuesdays.”

“One week we went swimming and the other week we played the recorder. And I was desperate to pee almost every lesson.”

“Why?”

“First I hated the school toilets. They were ugly and everybody saw that you went.”

“So what!”

“Come on for a young girl there is nothing more embarrassing than letting other notice you have to go to the bathroom. Therfor I never used the school toilet. Normally I was ok until I came home, some days struggling a little bit during the 15 minutes bus ride. But when we had the extra hour I almost always got really desperate. Sooner then later I couldn´t sit still anymore and started to fidget in my seat.

Unfortunatly I sat right in front of the boy Mark I had a crush on. But even worse I also sat at the aisle in front of the teacher. So he could clearly see me. Regularly he asked me to keep still. Offcourse I tried to compose myself as much as I could, but with the further increasing pressure in my bladder I always ended up in agony.To suppress my wriggling I either pushed a hand into my arching crotch or the recorder. The mouthpiece fitted very well into my slit.

The worst time was when I had to stand up and play. Without my hand or the recorder I couldn´t stand still at all. So I tried to fidget to much, but was trembling with my whole body. When my teacher asked me again to stand still I crossed my legs as far as I could, but couldn´t stop shivering. He often requested if anything is amiss, which I denied. And a couple of times he openly asked me, if I had to go to the bathroom. But I never admitted my need. Instead I tried to push myself on the corner of my desk direcly against my croch. “

“But why didn´t you end your suffering and embarrassment and just went?”

“No way, I was way too proud or shy to do that and let anybody know how bad I had to go.” And did you always make it in time to the bathroom?”

“Surprisingly I never had a full accident in class, but always ended up with quiet wet panties when I could hold back some splashes. Therfore I always wore skirts on Tuesdays. On one hand they hid my wet panties better and I could shove my hand or the recorder under it to hold myself without making it wet at the crotch.

I had 3 accidents on the way home. One was in front of our house. I made it into our garden but not into the house. So I squatted next to the doorway and let go without anybody noticing. The other time our teacher aksed me to wait at the end of the lesson. When everybody else had left class he ordered me to his desk. Ialready was on the verge of wetting. I couldn´t avoid a full pee-dance and had an hand constantly between my legs. He asked me what was wrong and we debated, what the matter was. Then he openly asked me if I had to pee. When I denied it he didn´t believe me and another embarrassing discussion started.

After some minutes he told me to go to the bathroom before taking the bus. I promised but offcourse didn´t but went straight to the bus station. Fortunately all the other kids already left. So there were only straingers that saw me fidgeting like mad and grabbing myself with both hands. I made it into the bus but already had very wet panties. In the bus I went to the very back. Even though all seats were empty I couldn´t sit down, because I had to run on the spot. With every minute I lost more and more. When we hit a big bump I lost it completely. Luckily again nobody saw me.

The last time was extremely embarrassing. I was on the way home being again very desperate and that day I was with my crush. I made it through the bus ride with some smaller dribbles. I wore a short blue pleated skirt with thin blue tights. To disguise my almost unbearable need I overactively kidded around, nudging Mark while jumping around in my seat. At some point he asked why I freaked out and shortly afterwards direcly if I had to pee bad. As always I denied it, but was so ashamed. Suddenly he started to tickle me. I screamed and yelled at him to stop, but he didn´t. After maybe half a minute of sheer agony I couldn´t bear it any longer and my bladder bursted. I completely wetted myself and was totally embarrassed. But Mark was really cute and consoled me.

