Who doesn't like long walks on the beach?

Author: desertfc

*000*2019-05-08 15:45

As a mostly straight guy, male omo isn't really my thing, but i do make an exception to stuff that happens to me. i love to have accidents, particularly if i can make them into a fantasy in my mind, and particularly when i can do it out in public somewhere when i know i probably - but not definitely - won't get caught. part of me would love to get caught, though.

Anyway, one place i like to wet my pants is on the beach at night. usually there's not too many people about, and those that are would have a hard time seeing a wet patch on my board shorts in the dark, or hear the splattering of pee onto sand. as you'll see below, i like to use that to my advantage =3

So this is something that happened a years ago when i was around 24 or so. if it helps you to picture it, i'm a few inches shorter than average, dark brown hair, average build. back then i was kinda skinny, though, i used to do a lot of running back in the day. an ex once told me she thought i looked like ben whishaw, which i can kind of see if i turn my head and squint a bit. my hair's definitely a lot shorter though lol

Anyway, true story follows...

- des

If there's one thing we're spoiled for in Australia, it's beaches. One of my friends who I met when I was studying at uni in Sydney had a family beach house in Huskisson, NSW. Huskisson is one of the little coastal hamlets that line the shore of Jervis Bay which is one hell of a beautiful place. Sparkling white sand. Crystal clear water. Sand dunes rising up to rocky cliffs.There's a navy base out on the peninsula, and a couple of ships that sit on the far side of the crystal clear water. It's an extraordinary place and definitely worth a visit if you get the chance.

My friend liked to invite me and my other mates out there when we had our mid-semester break in September. We'd go out there and spend the week getting blackout drunk, playing video games, movie marathons, various substance abusing, basically anything except doing the essays and reports that we would end up having to do in a mad rush when we got back.

Anyway, I digress. The evening that this took place came after a long day of swimming and bushwalking around the capes. Two of my mates had gotten pretty badly sunburnt and had retired to their rooms with some aloe vera feeling sorry for themselves. The rest of us were so exhausted that it didn't matter, though, there wasn't going to be any partying that night. I ended up playing a few rounds of FIFA with a friend before he lost interest and went to bed. I flicked through a few channels to see what was on, and ended up landing on Tom Cruise's War of the Worlds.

As I sat there watching, I became aware of a nagging need to pee. I decided to put off going to the toilet for a little while. Part of me was already laying the groundwork for me to have a bit of omo fun, but I sat there watching the movie and sipping at my beer for the time being - determined to wait a little before committing to anything. For one thing, I wasn't sure whether it'd be a good idea to act on the impulse with my friends all around the house, and for another I wanted to wait a bit and make sure they were all asleep before trying anything adventurous. As much as I'd be turned on by the humiliation of being caught having had an accident by a cute female my age or a little older, my friends were pretty typical college guys and didn't really fit the bill.

But as I got more into the movie an idea began to form in my head that I couldn't shake out. The beach was dark, and not many people would be likely out and about. I still felt like I had a bit of energy, and I have always loved walking on the beach at night. The shortage of light pollution makes the night sky so much more vivid and alive.

So I decided I'd drink a bit more until the urge was much more noticeable, and then go for a walk of just the right length to guarantee I wouldn't make it back dry. I finished my drink and started on another. And then the movie got to the bit where Tom and his kids are trying to make their way through a crowd onto a ferry and (spoiler!) a tripod comes over the hill behind the town to ambush the crowd and announcing itself with a blast of its horn.

That gave me a little shiver. I could picture myself being hunted by one of those machines - trying to hide amid rubble, desperately hoping not to be found. I know the aliens all died in the end because they were too stupid to get vaccinated before beginning their conquest, but I think personally I'd probably fancy my chances better against zombies than tripods. Maybe it's because I'm already short, but the idea of a few giant enemies is more frightening to me than zombie hordes.

Anyway, there was a power blackout. So I was left sitting there in the dark with my drink, listening to snores coming out of different rooms. As you can imagine, it didn't take me long to decide to head out.

Standing up was interesting. When I had been sitting down, the urge to pee was definitely noticeable, but just by standing up my desperation doubled. I couldn't even stand up straight at first. I stayed there in front of my chair for a few seconds, annoyed that I had misjudged things and waited too long. I thought there was no way I'd make it down to the beach and that the safest thing might have been to abort, but I decided to try a few steps and I found that walking seemed to make it feel better.

So I didn't hesitate any longer. I went out the door and slipped on my thongs (aka flip-flops, jandals, slippers, etc. we call them thongs), and wandered down the bitumen road to the beach.

I had been right in thinking that not many people would be out. Jervis Bay is full of holiday homes and gets pretty busy in summer, but this was a midweek Spring evening in late September. The smell of cooked sausages wafting over the road from a house around the corner was the only evidence apparent to me of other people being about. There were lights on in plenty of houses, but most people had clearly turned in for the night.

I ambled along a little more slowly than I'd normally walk. My level of desperation was probably a solid 8/10, and it was definitely inhibiting my ability to walk normally, but I was determined to make it down onto the beach and as far as possible to try to force it hit 10/10 when my body wouldn't give me a choice. And sure enough I made it to the beach a few minutes later, still at 8/10.

There was a slight wind blowing as the waves crashed into the headland. The tide was still low, but coming in. I trudged along the sand enjoying the starry night sky, and I started to think to myself that I should have brought my drink with me to try to speed things along, because while my bladder was full enough to be noticeably uncomfortable, I felt it was still a fair way off being at capacity.

I then heard some whooping and laughter from further up the beach. Somebody had lit a fire from driftwood, and I could make out a few figures running around with branches on fire like Tom Hanks in Castaway. I hesitated for a second. From the sound of their voices I deduced that it was group of young women, probably more students having a week off like me and my mates.

Could I risk running into them in my condition and possibly having to stop and talk to them for a while? Things could happen very quickly if I made the wrong choice, and I was paralysed by the paradox of omorashi - how amazing would it be to have an accident in front of girls, but oh god, what if I they saw? I wanted to be caught, but I didn't want to be caught.

The end result of my shyness and indecision was that I kept approaching them, but with a view to just keep walking straight past and see what'd happen. There was a lot of giggling coming from around their campfire, and it became obvious to me that they were pretty drunk. A couple of them who'd been splashing around in the water streaked back up to the fire when I got to about 100m away, and when I caught sight of their pale figures in the moonlight bolting back to their makeshift camp I realised they'd been skinny-dipping.

'Hey, there's someone over there! Kylie, put your towel on for heaven's sake!'

The two girls who'd been in the water shrieked and dived down onto their towels quickly wrapping it around themselves.

'Sorry!' one of the girls called out as I wandered past, not confident enough to do anything but shamble past awkwardly, 'Hope you didn't see anything disturbing!'

They started giggling amongst themselves at her remark and my brain was too scrambled to come out with anything witty or even vaguely self-assured. The pressure in my bladder seemed to have suddenly skyrocketed, and I was worried that maybe I had taken things a bit too far.

'No, you're all good!' I answered pathetically, 'Have a great night.'

They went quiet for a bit and I took advantage of this to advance a bit further up the beach. I had probably gone another 50m beyond them when I decided I'd come far enough. I'd come down to the beach to have a bit of omo fun, and the girls nocturnal activities had thrown me for a bit of a loop. But now a naughty idea settled in my mind. I decided to have my 'accident' here, with the girls still in sight and within earshot - but far enough away that they probably wouldn't know exactly what I was doing.

So I abruptly stopped walking and that jarring movement made my desperation ramp up to 9.5. That was enough for me. So I spread my feet and pushed my hands into my crotch, knowing full well that if any of the girls looked over at that moment they might well be able to guess what I was doing from my body language.

Or at least what I wanted to do. I couldn't get started. It was a bit surprising and annoying considering how badly I needed to go, and rather than just stand there like an idiot I decided to walk on a bit in the hope that I could relax more.

It was painful to walk by this stage, but mercifully it was only a few more steps. And that was because a couple of unexpected things then happened simultaneously like an omo god's deus ex machina to make me totally piss my pants.

One of the ships out in the dark bay blasted its horn for a few seconds and at the same time the headlights of a car coming down the beach road slowly advanced down the beach towards me. I came to an abrupt stop and my desperation doubled again as I jammed my thighs together and bent my knees into a half crouch, but this time there was another element to it. The horn had reminded me of the Martians from the movie I'd been watching, and I suddenly imagined that there was a tripod that had ambushed me on the beach and that the headlights approaching me along the sand were its searchlights seeking me out. For that perfect moment I could feel fear, standing stock still as the searchlight closed in on me. I felt petrified, like a mouse that had been caught by a cat. And that was the trigger I needed.

I started peeing suddenly and forcefully, completely without control. I couldn't have stopped if I'd desperately wanted to, and let's be honest - I desperately wanted not to stop. This was the first time in my life that I had managed to turn a planned and deliberate wetting into a genuine accident brought about by a fright, and the loss of control felt amazing. Tears of relief and pleasure filled my eyes as my dick became a high pressure hose hissing out warm liquid to envelop my crotch and flow down my thighs and calves into my sandals, and splattering noisily around my feet. At that moment I heard some more laughter coming from the girls camp - most likely unrelated to my situation, I knew - but in the moment I imagined to myself that they had noticed, and I could feel my face flushing in the dark as I envisioned them giggling as they watched me flood my shorts like a frightened little boy.

My commitment to drama in this moment was total, and after probably 90 seconds of helplessly soaking my swimshorts I collapsed onto my knees in fulfillment of my fantasy. To my surprise, there was no puddle around where I was kneeling. The sand seemed to have taken all the evidence and absorbed everything. I was a bit disappointed because I had been eager to see how much I had managed to get out. I half hoped one of the girls might come over to see if I was alright only to catch me in obviously pissed pants, but of course, none of them did.

My thongs squished and squeaked under my feet as I made my way back to the house. The wetness having gone cold wasn't an altogether bad feeling, and I stopped a couple of times to re-wet myself on the way back home as my bladder filled up again under the influence of the alcohol. That felt good, too, but none of it matched that perfect moment I got to have with my unwitting witnesses who would never know the absolute flooding they'd witnessed.

I was still buzzing with excitement when I got back to the house. I had completely pissed my pants in 'fear' not 100m away from a bunch of drunk girls (who we later went on to meet, but that's another story). I couldn't even be 100% sure that they hadn't seen what had happened.

I stepped into the shower and didn't even strip down before I'd started to play with myself. That was one hell of a beach walk.

*005*2020-12-28 17:26

Huh, interesting. I had not expected to get much interest in this when I put fingers to keyboard last year.

{{On 10/30/2020 at 8:54 PM, BladderLad said:

Amazing account! 90 seconds of pissing!!? Big bladder!!

}}

Hmmm... *counts out 90 seconds under his breath*

... yeah, okay, 90 seconds was definitely an exaggeration.

It was a thorough soaking though.

