My first "Accident on purpose"

Author: Shaira

*000*2021-10-21 01:59

I needed to pee pretty badly at work today. The kind of "pretty badly", when you're about to leak when you enter the stall. But that feeling turned me on so much I closed the stall, and just stood there, enjoying the feeling. I eventually peed in the toilet, but it got me thinking… I NEVER had an accident. Well, at least not as an adult. I've peed myself plenty of times on purpose, but it was never a loss of control. So I naturally thought I have to try it as soon as I get back home…

So… about 2l of water, and 2h later I was SO desperate, and already started leaking (barely enough to be visible). By the 3rd hour I just couldn't hold it anymore. I had two large leaks, one after the other, which soaked my jeans about halfway to my knees, then I managed to regain control… for about 10sec. At which point it just all came out right into my underwear, and jeans.

I regret not trying this before. I honestly had one of the best orgasms in my life from that, and... I actually still need to pee. Even though I completely soaked my jeans, and socks too!

*001*2021-10-21 21:20

I actually have a question, since most of you are probably more experienced in this sort of stuff than me.

I've read it's actually dangerous to hold your pee for too long. Is it really that dangerous? Can I continue with it safely? If so - how? Do you have any tips? Should I take a couple days of break in between the "scenes"?

*003*2021-10-23 14:34

{{10 hours ago, AD51 said:

It's not dangerous if you're worried about actually dying from it. The story about the contest for the Wii was due to electrolytes rather than physical injury. Though there is a higher risk of urinary track infections from holding it, so perhaps a break isn't a bad idea.

}}

I wasn't worried about dying from it, but I've read it might cause the bladder to burst, or you might start loosing feeling in the bladder, also I'm pretty sure it's not the best for your kidneys.

Since I'm just starting my adventure with accidents I want to make sure I'm doing it safely, so I'm not left with bladder incontinence in couple of years. After all the most important thing in all fetishes is safety and consent.

*005*2021-10-23 18:44

{{1 hour ago, scinosensation said:

A normal bladder, normal meaning no disease of the bladder tissue, will not burst due to holding urine. A sharp blow to the bladder may cause injury and even rupture. Repeated “normal” holding may cause problems but a ruptured bladder is not one of them.

}}

What problems are those? Other than increased risk of UTIs, as mentioned before. And is there a safe way of doing this? Some kind of precautions to take? Something to avoid?

I mean there are safe ways to tie someone up, so the rope doesn't scratch your skin, and leave marks, there are baby powders, and special diets for messing, so you reduce a risk of infection from it, there's even a "safe" way to choke someone! In every fetish I came upon there is the "right way" of doing it, to reduce the risk of harm, and it's just… hard for me to believe that there isn't one in omorashi.

*012*2021-11-23 05:50

I started researching omo safety, and I recently stumbled upon this thread.

I read couple of medical journals on potential problems from holding pee for extended periods of time, and this thread mentions everything I was able to find on my own, and then some! I honestly think it should this thread should be pinned, or something. This is probably the most important thread on this site.

$iframe data-embed-src="$/48231-omorashi-safety-tips/?do=embed"

