Wetting Myself On Walks

Author: ElektraWets

*000*2015-03-02 18:08

I've always loved public wetting and public accidents. It's my favorite type of pee video to watch, and it's my favorite way to wet myself. Don't get me wrong, wetting myself in the comfort of my own home is great, too, but the public wetting gives off such a bigger rush, makes me feel extremely good, and I love seeing reactions of others and/or trying to hide it while I know it's visible and people are probably watching me walk down the street, trying to tug my shirt down over my crotch when my pee is all down my legs.

When I was living with my mother, I had to be sneaky when I wet, especially if I wet myself in public. I often times would wear long black skirts, go walking by myself, and wet near a puddle or a patch of grass. If I wet pants in public, I'd make sure to wear dark pants so nobody could see, and I'd drink lots and lots of water before and pee until it came out clear and almost completely odorless so I wouldn't really be discovered as easily.

However, those days are gone now. I've moved out and am living with my wonderful boyfriend, who also shares my loves for bodily functions. We started going for nightly walks a few months ago because we realized that we needed to spend some more time out of the house. One night, I was out with my boyfriend, and I had to go to the bathroom soo bad. I was in darkish jeans, and I was growing more and more desperate as he drug me into stores, making us walk around for a while. I was crossing my legs in the aisle of a sex shop, and was really feeling the need to go. Finally, he made his purchase, and told me we were finally gonna go home. I got really excited, and released a stream of pee into my panties. I could feel it spreading onto my jeans, but I gritted my teeth and held it in.

We headed out, and unfortunately, there was so much traffic on the roads, and so many people driving erratically. We were just pedestrians, so we had to keep waiting at red lights as cars sped just inches from us. By the time we were a third of the way home, I accepted the fact that I will not make it home. I told my boyfriend, and he said "Try and hold on, we'll be home in 20 minutes, and you can wet yourself when we get to the driveway. It's gonna be cold if you wet yourself now." I moaned, and put my hand over my crotch and held myself until we crossed another street.

I got two more streets down, and another stream of pee was released into my pants. I froze, and told my boyfriend I really couldn't hold it anymore. There was rain pelting down, making it impossible to stop the flood, because each raindrop that hit me just encouraged me to keep letting it out. My boyfriend held my hand and watched as I completely soaked my jeans from crotch to ankles. I could feel the pee filling my shoes, and I was moaning like crazy because it felt wonderful. After a short while, I was finished, and told my boyfriend we really needed to get home because, just like he said, I was immediately feeling freezing cold and my jeans were constricting me and making it so hard to just take a step.

However, the weather has gotten much warmer, and now I go on walks almost everyday and I almost always at least wet myself once, sometimes just a short stream or a full-on soaking that makes a giant puddle under me. I love how it feels to just walk around in front of people and cars and wet my pants slowly over the course of the entire walk, watching the wet patch grow and become more noticeable. I'm no longer afraid of it being obvious.

*008*2015-03-12 16:36

Sol glad you all like the story I shared! (:

{{: 

Do you feel it's easier having the company of your boyfriend while you have public accidents?

}}

Definitely, and it's a bit more fun, too, because he can chastise me a bit, which is embarrassing and exciting at the same time, hehe. There's definitely a thrill in doing it by yourself, though. More likely to get caught because you can't hide behind or in front of someone, nobody to hold your hand and tell you "It's okay, accidents happen." as your face flushes. I've gotten very good at peeing myself anywhere I go, though, lol. I am in no way bladder shy anymore.

{{: 

You don't get burned out? That in itself is amazing, haha.

And also requires a lot of clothes washing. :P

}}

Oh definitely a lot of clothes washing, haha, this household does loooooots of laundry. What can I say, I love public pees! (:

