My first experience with real desperation

Author: roseleaks89

*000*2018-05-21 07:56

I don't know that I've really shared any personal experiences yet, so I thought it was about time I did so. This unfortunately won't be super detailed because it happened more than ten years ago, before I was really into omo/knew it was a thing/was ever comfortable admitting this was something I enjoyed. The experience sticks out in my mind as being the first time I realized I had a bladder of steel, though it would be years before I began exploiting that for my own pleasure. In fact, I always find it rather ironic that I'm into desperation and wetting at all. As a child I was quite the opposite - the kid that gets up to pee ten times before bed because she's worried she'll have an accident. As a child my parents would bring a small potty with us on roadtrips because I was afraid of wetting and would want to stop every ten minutes. It's so amusing to think of now.

Anyway - on to the story. Sometime in winter of 2005-2006 (when I was probably 16) my family traveled to St. Louis for a hockey tournament. My brother played from age 7 through college, so traveling for hockey was a common thing. This particular year we rented a couple vans so that all the hockey parents/players/siblings wouldn't have to each take their own vehicle. A lot of the boys traveled in similar vans, and as an "older" sibling I rode with some of the parents in another van. The trip there wasn't particularly memorable, however going home was something of a disaster.

A blizzard in the south is somewhat different than a blizzard in the north, but nevertheless any amount of snow in the south is going to lead to traffic. I don't know what time of night it was, but sometime after dark traffic slowed to a stop, and remained at a stop for the next four hours. I'd guess about two hours into that stop was when I began to feel the need to pee. I was kind of quite as a child, and there were a lot of adults present so I certainly wasn't about to make my need known. Sometime later one of the hockey mom's expressed being quite desperate to pee as well, so around then I finally spoke up to. We wiggled and squirmed for a bit longer - we were in the middle of nowhere, at night, and there was no exit in sight from where we were parked on the highway. We might have still debated walking ahead to see if it weren't for the fact that it was still snowing (the kind that accumulates, which is rare in the south).

Eventually we got so desperate that we decided to go pee outside the van in the snow. I forget who suggested it, but I'm guessing I said that I would go if she would (I can't imagine it was the other way around since I was the child, even if 16, and she the adult). We both got out of the van and looked around to see if anyone would see us. Unfortunately, having been stopped for a few hours by this point there were a number of people who had gotten out of their vehicles to stretch their legs. Despite being nighttime the lights from cars (and possibly streetlights) meant that we would be on full display out in the snow if we pulled our pants down to pee.

We pee danced a bit outside the van weighing out options before finally deciding to hold it a bit longer. At the time this was without a doubt the most I've ever had to pee in my entire life. It's a miracle I made it without leaking. Sometime within the next 30 minutes to an hour we finally started moving again and pulled off at the first exit we saw, stopping at a Waffle House to use their restroom. If there was a line of other desperate individuals I was so focused on my own need to pee that I don't even remember it anymore, but we both made it to the toilet without any accidents. I remember being so amazed because I'd always been so obsessed with peeing at the slightest need to go, and here I'd made it four hours stopped on the highway without even a leak!

Of course now I've grown to appreciate those little leaks and wish that I wasn't so good at holding, but alas, I still enjoy myself

*003*2018-05-22 06:15

Thank you both for the replies!!

Weasel: Yes, I have no idea how we managed that. I think embarrassment at the thought of people watching me pee was just that much stronger than my actual need.

@desp-fan: glad you enjoyed it! I hadn't seen that many either, I feel like I mostly see travel stories in which someone was intentionally holding. Which is probably more enjoyable for the person in the story and thus why they get shared? Idk. At the time I definitely never thought I'd be able to hold it as long as I did, though now that I've done a few planned holds I know what I'm capable of. Then again I think every hold is a little different?

