The omo experiences with my ex - how I got her into it

Author: Natalia's fan

*000*2019-12-26 23:42

This is the story of how I introduced my first (and at the time of writing, only) love into my kink. We dated between the ages of 19 and 21 but the experiences didn't start until 21. She was a beautiful, slim girl with a cute little ass and perfect sized tits (not too big, not to small). She was naturally a dark blonde but died her hair ginger and had the kind of eye brows that were dark enough to make you think she was a natural red head.

This is a long read but I figure it could be useful to someone who wants to open up to their partner about this, and it might be great reading material to someone else.

The way this is framed is: a bit of back story, her telling me description experiences she's had, experiences with her I was around for, grandual incorporating it into our sex life, admission of my kink and then full blown experiences. All of this actually happened and their are sex bits in here.

*****

She must have guessed quite early on that I had a thing for pee, if she dug into all the signs. She was one of those people who always peed at home with the door open and didn't care if she were doing it right in front of you. We went camping often and had a jug that we'd both use at night so from the get go, I got to see her pee often. She had a small bladder but the bad part of that was that she would get UTIs. For this reason I took my time coming out with this to her because I didn't want to worry her that I would start making her ill.

We would car share to work every day. Each night, after work, we would have a 15 minute walk to her car and then an hour car ride. We live in the country side but worked in a major city. One night she got out of work and was in a rush so forgot to pee on her way out. Half way through our walk, she admitted that she needed a wee and we knew it would be a long ride home. Not wanting my girlfriend to get ill, I suggested that when we got to the car, she open the car door and squat behind it while I keep a look out. She made a pretty big puddle!

We would often have deep and interesting conversations while travelling in her car. After she made this puddle, I thought I would tease her a bit and ask her about her experiences with her bladder. Man was I arosed at the evenings events and the stories she would tell me.

Story 1 :

On her way to the interview for this job, she was very desperate to pee. All she had in the car were spare sanitary pads. It was then that she got the idea to release a bit of pee into the pads, just enough so that they would absorb without making a mess and she assumed that some of the pressure would be taken off. So, once parked, she pulled down her pants and dribbled into the pads 1 at a time. She didn't have many pads and they weren't enough to take the pressure off. The only other thing she had on her were wet wipes. They wouldn't hold anything so she wiped her lips off with a wipe and decided to walk as fast as she could to her interview. 

It was a very close call for her. She got to the building and sat down in the waiting area. Squirming and nervously looking around for a loo, she could feel a drop start to escape. Luckily for her, her interviewer aproached her fairly quickly as it was already time for her interview. "Hello, you must be here for the interview, is there anything I can get you before we begin?" She replied "Actually could you show me where the bathroom is, I'm dying for a wee." With relief finally apon her she peed for a long time and admired the small wet patch in her pants. She had made it, barely.

I could picture everything so well and was so hard. However I then asked why she didn't do what she'd just done - peed into the road behind the door of her parked car... She hadn't even thought about that...

Story 2 :

The job she had worked at was as a nursery assistant. She admitted to me that she often couldn't register a urge to pee, she was either fine or on the verge of wetting herself. One day, when the nursery was short staffed, she found herself in the nap room. With all the babies asleep, the other girl in the room with her went on a break. Now alone it was then she realised she really needed to pee. Like she needed to go now or she would wet herself! She couldn't leave the babies all alone in the nap room. What if one woke up and got into trouble, she could lose her job. There was only one bathroom in the building and that was in the basement. She was on the 3rd floor so couldn't exactly nip down the hall for a quick release.

What was she going to do? She was in big trouble. She sat in her chair with her hands in her groin, squirming, when she hatched an idea. This room had a cupboard with nappies in. When the cupboard door was open whoever was croached down going through the cupboard was completely obscured on the cctv camera. That was her way out, she could squat behind the cupboard door and pee into as many nappies as she needed, without being spotted and without leaving the room. So she went for it. Just as she finished and dumped the used nappies into the bin next to the cupboard, her manager came in to check on her. When asked what she was doing she simply said "sorting out the nappy cupboard, they were all just chucked in there, it was a right state." She got away with such a risky move and no one was any the wiser.

What great stories she could tell me. It was a good thing her eyes were on the road because I had quite a noticeable boner poking through my work trousers. However what she would say next would knock my confidence in coming out to her. She then admitted about getting UTIs frequently and that she would wear nappies until the age of 12 due to being a bed wetter to quite a late age. She only stopped when she was on a girl guide camp. She had a very long pee before bed that night and went into her tent to find her bag open with her nappies ontop - someone knew her embarrassing little secret and it mortified her. How could I tell her I was into desperation and wetting when she would get ill and had bad childhood memories? We changed the topic and would wait till another day so reveal anything more.

****

Some time went by. She had a day off work and I still had to go in to work. I worked in an office so could secretly be on my phone quite easily. We were talking, she was out and walking home. Suddenly she told me she was desperate to pee and would have to run back home. She got there just in time but had made a small wet spot in her pants. So you can see she was no stranger to telling me all this. One of the things I see on a lot of stories on here is how embarressed people can get of even mentioning that they have the urge. That definitely wasn't her issue at all!

*****

We were at her grandparents house watching an hour long soap opera. About 45 minutes in she whispered to me "I hope this finishes soon, I really need a wee." we continued watching and 5 minutes later she was sat up and visibly squirming. We really thought it would be over soon so she held on. Another 5 minutes and she was stood up with her legs crossed, bent over, leaning on the arm of the sofa with her hands jammed into her crotch. I could see her cute little ass bobbing up and down slightly and knew I had to do 2 things: firstly I had to make sure her grandparents couldn't see my growing erection. Secondly I couldn't let her do herself damage. 

I paused the TV and we saw that the show had around 2 minutes left. I was worried for her, so despite her saying she could hold it, seeing the pain in her face I ordered her to go to the toilet. This had the added benefit of making her grandparents like me even more on that occasion as I was seen to look after their often sickly granddaughter. She bounced back to me, looking all bubbly and relieved. Gave me a peck and we carried on watching the end of the show. She obviously hadn't been concentrating because she needed bits explaining to her, but I couldn't blame her. She had to pee lots of times that evening, I guess being that desperate she must have had a lot to drink.

*****

It's here where the experiences start to spice up a little. With these events she must have known what I was into. They would lead me on to confess every. Which experience do I start with....

We went on holiday to Turkey. It was the first (and only) time we had gone abroad on holiday and the first one we'd sorted everything more or less ourselves. We spent a lot of time in the sea... And in our bedroom... But given what this site is all about, it's the bit in the sea that will interest you.

We started talking about peeing in the sea through your swimming costume. I didn't really do that until this point. She explained that she does it all the time. 'Just release, and shake out your costume a little bit and your sorted.' For me it was a weird sensation doing this for the first time. The pressure on my pee hole as it pushed through the sea was a very odd sensation. She wasn't the most confident swimmer and would get panic attacks if she was splashed in the face, for this reason she held onto me most of the time.

There would be moments where all of a sudden she would say "wait, hold still a minute," she would make a face of concentration and all of a sudden I could feel the water around me go warmer. "Did you just..."

"yeah"

One of these times, I decided to put my hand in her crotch as she was about to pee. I suppose my excuse was to stop her peeing on the fish really, I wanted to feel exactly what I got - she exploded a warm jet of pee into my hand and the sea. It was so warm, and felt so powerful. We got talking about things like skinny dipping and all sorts of things couple could get up to in the sea. I started to rub between her legs, and put a finger inside her swimming costume as we kissed.... We then remembered all the kids with snorkels around so we got out and went back to our room to finish what we started....

*****

I was interested to see if I could get her to hold her bladder during sex. We had spoken about female squirting orgasms and how alot of what makes up squirt is actually pee. From time to time she would stop sex in order to pee. This time around, I managed to convince her to hold it while we got into some foreplay. I reasured her that I didn't mind her getting the bed dirty whether that be pee or squirt. She allowed so much before her desperation got the better of her and she pleaded to be allowed to pee. I fetched a cup from the bed side. She looked at me oddly but peed into the cup. Boy, she wasn't joking. The cup was pint sized and she nearly filled it!

Another time while we were both naked and fooling around,she told me she had to pee. I started to get into some light teasing. She told me somewhat playfully that if I didn't let her go to the loo, she would pee on me. "Go on then." I replied, starry eyed and eroused. "I mean it, I will dribble on your leg."

"I bet you won't, we're sat on your bed and I bet you don't have the control to just let out a dribble."

"oh yeah?... Do you really want me to dribble on you?"

"maybe.... Go on then, do it, you've peed on me before, in Turkey, in the sea" This was the closest I'd gotten so far to blurting out everything. She straddled my left thigh and let out a few little droplets, wiping her lips on my leg. My thigh had a small patch of her pee on. I couldn't believe it. Yet I wasn't yet ready to reveal everything so we had a bit of a joke. "omg, I'm never washing my leg again" I said in a joking manner. She chuckled and said "I can't believe I just did that can I go pee now?"

Later that day when we left her house, the experience still fresh, she asked me if I had something I wanted to tell her about what had just happened back there. I didn't know how to formulate what I wanted to say into words. I just left it at" well you can probably guess what I'm a 'little bit' into." She didn't dig much further but with a naughty smile said" ahhh, okay then."

###

A few more months went by and I felt ready. I had to tell her, though a situation hadn't come up. Like I've said before, we've had a lot of deep conversations in her car. I decided I was going to bring it up and explain myself.

"So listen, I've got something to tell you about me, something that really embarresses me. It's kind of a sex thing. What I would like to do is explain it all and then answer any questions you have on it. Is that okay?" I probably started to worry her at this point looking back on it but she was incredibly good about what I had to say. I reminded her of all the stories I've just told you and how I really felt about them. How eroused I had been by them. That I was worried about how she would take this news because of her past UTIs and embarressing experiences. I told her that if she was uncomfortable with it, that we didn't have to include any of it into our sex life and that she didn't have to do anything that would make her uncomfortable.

I spent so much time on that, that I forgot to tell her what exactly about omo I was actually in to. Her first question was "so is this like a golden shower thing?" and I then explained "no, well actually I'm not really sure. It's more that I'm really into seeing girls desperate to pee and wetting themselves. And by girls, I mean adults, people around our age, it's not like a little kid thing or an old person thing - that is disgusting. I think it's how helpless these women become, how they are pleading for a release, how they get embarrassed, I'm not to sure what it is about it that does it for me, it just does. It's a lot bigger than what a lot of people may think. It's just a bit embarrassing to talk about because it can be seen as dirty, some people don't even realise it's a kink."

It was a very deep and meaningful conversation and I felt so good to get this off my chest and finally reveal my darkest secret to the woman I loved. She said she would be willing to give things a go - this then started the living of my sexual fantasy. I asked if she had anything like this that she had as a kink (beyond standard dom/sub things like spanking, nibbling, ext) but she didn't. I reassured her that if she realised she had anything like it, I would be willing to try because I loved her and wanted us to love and explore each others sexual fantasies.

That same night, we were watching TV in our lounge. She leant over and whispered "I really need a wee." I was instantly hard "yeah? You do? You can't hold it?"

"No, I can't, I really need a wee." We were talking dirty! Something she had always struggled with all of a sudden became really easy for her. We started kissing and I would nibble her lip how she liked. I'd pull her onto me and feel her bulge and her pussy. I would hear her moan in desperation and it would nearly send me over the edge. "Ooh! I need a - I need a wee, ooh, I can't hold it." - Now we'll call back into reality: Obviously the UTI issue was still an issue. We made an agreement that if she felt she was getting to a level of desperation where anything more and she'd be getting UTIs or wetting herself for real, then we had to stop. 

This woman's health meant more to me that the pleasure at her expense. We had moved onto the floor and were grinding on each other. She would keep telling me of how desperate she was in a sex voice and how I was pressing on her bladder. She came to love how I would react to this because I would be teasing her. Rubbing her clit and pee hole, enough to bring her to the edge but stopping so that she was kept in suspense and so that it would seem like light bladder torture. She was so responsive. The pressure of her bladder on her sex organs increased her pleasure. She came hard!

She finished me off. We had our fun, now she had to go. We lived with her parents so she couldn't wet herself without them finding out. She led me to the bathroom and as she went to sit down I stopped her, "no, squat. I want to see the piss jet out of your pussy."I got her to hold her lips open. It spat right out of her. This was better than any naked pissing video I'd seen. To have this happening right in front of me... I came again.

This would be the feature of many of our sex sessions from that point on. The dirty talk about needing to pee, the teasing, the close up pissing. She would even hold my hand between her legs during shared showers and pee all down her own legs and over my hands.

*****

Then came the single greatest omo experience of our relationship. Her parents were away on a cruise. We'd spent a heatwave hot April day working in the garden, keeping hydrated by drinking lots of lemonade and of course peeing lots. We finished our work in the garden. Our clothes were ruined. She was wearing this hot outfit - denim jean shorts that clung to her ass, and an airy top. I suddenly got horny and with her parent gone, I hatched a plan. "You know, as your parents are gone, and you've ruined those shorts, I was wondering if you'd want to try ruining them a bit more. Do you want to try peeing in those short?" I started to come on to her, and I was surprised that she was really receptive. "oh, okay then, but there is one problem... I just peed."

"Well that's no problem at all, we still have lots of lemonade (about 500ml) and I prefer hydrated pee to dehydrated smelly yellow pee. Plus while we wait, I can get you more: in the mood..."

I gave her a teasing session she will never forget. I would rub her through her jean shorts, then I would pull them down and start rubbing through her pants. I would pull those down and rub her, stick a finger in her, get her so close to cumming and then stop and order her to drink more lemonade, and when we ran out of lemonade, she went onto water. She loved being a sub to my dom, omo or no omo. I was doing everything she loved most. She was fulfilling my fantasy and I hers. We were going through this teasing routine for around an hour. Each time I restarted, she would react twice as strongly as before. It was a real challenge stopping her from cumming and she wanted it so bad. She was begging me, even started grabbing my cock and going to do all the things I loved but she rarely liked doing, such as giving amazing head that's how turned on she was. I even gave her head and she didn't mind me coming back up to snog her (she normally can't stand the thought of her cum near her mouth).

It was the best sexual experience of my young life so far. Her pants were soaked with her cum and I had to stop her finishing me off there and then. I knew once we got to the peeing, I probably wouldn't last long. Every time I got her to drink, I'd ask how her bladder felt. After that hour she was starting to get squirmly. Desperate to pee and to cum. I was worried if she came, she would lose her mood and then end up not wetting herself for me. An hour of lying in her corridor teasing her clit and g-spot by getting to her nether-reigons through any item of clothing, leg hole or just pulling them away anyway I could, finally started to take its toll. She promised she would still wet herself if I only let her cum. I agreed and as fate should have it, she came at the lightest touch. And it was a hard one! She moaned out load, her hips buckled, her eye went back and mouth opened wide. I loved seeing her like that. Nothing gave me a bigger ego - till now, finally. It was time.

I pulled her already wet pants back up, and then her jean shorts. I got her to take her socks of and we decided the clean up would be easier if she stood in the bath. She grabbed herself and moaned about how desperate she was "oh, baby, I really need to wee, oow, I can't hold it." she was putting on a show for me. Finaly she let go. It took her a couple of seconds to get going, then - "oh, it's pooling in my bum!" Oh yes! Here we go! "yeah it will... Quick! Turn around!"

Her pee pooled in her bum and fingers of wee then spread out like an eagles wings, down her cheeks, towards the hem of her shorts legs. The pee drenching her groin at the front spread around to the back, her bum now soaked. Then torrends of pee dropplets, spiraled down her legs into the bath tub. I have watched many videos like this. I can honestly say, nothing compares to seeing it in real life. I never noticed in those low res videos how the droplets spiral and those spirals the grow and slither down a woman's legs.

As she finished she looked at her bum, her legs, the pool of wee she was stood in, then at me. My cock was pulsing. A little bit of cum appeared at the end of my cock. I'd nearly lost it there and then. "Don't ever say I don't love you." she beamed at me. She took off her shorts and we admired her pants. Unfortunately it was then that I realised they were black so we didn't get a great view of the wet patch. I pulled the croch of her pants aside, I grabbed a johnny and bent her over. Both of us stood in the bath, in her warm puddle, both of us covered in her wee. It took me a bit longer than I thought to finish, which was good because it meant she came again. There we were. Having final done this experience. Both panting heavily. She said the pee was starting to make her itch so we got in the shower got clean and made out.

*****

Unfortunately this happened April 2019 and we broke up in July 2019. Though her holding her bladder during sex happened often - sometime to great effect, other less common times, ruining her experience because of how desperate she was and how focused on not soaking her bed - we never got the opportunity for her to wet something again. I am still heart broken and miss her so much. We had a great relationship but this isn't quora so I won't go into it. Did we have some great experiences - yes. Do I regret telling her this when we only ended up breaking up (so she could potentially be telling people) - I'm not sure.

Anyway, thanks for reading, I hope there was something in there for everyone and cheers for sticking with it. This took a lot longer to write than I thought it would.

*003*2019-12-30 13:59

@Wet Andrew

I'm not really sure what to say. I guess I'll take if from the top. Obviously this is just my perspective but it could help someone else see the signs.

I met her as a friend - my parents friends daughter. Everyone was aware of how miserable in her relationship she was. I would drink in the same pub as her parents who had taken a shine to me and informed me their daughter, while being in an awful relationship, "held a candle" for me. We were good friends and I fancied her like mad. We would message each other every day and a couple of times met up and there was always this connection. Then one day she hit on me and told me she'd ended things with her boyfriend. So I guess this should have been the first warning.

We got together too quickly and got too serious too quick. We practically lived together from the start, I around her parents and she at mine, alternating days. She told me she was scared she couldn't love, she'd never felt proper love with any of her ex's - they had treated her too badly. So I made it my mission to be the model boyfriend. And it was really easy for me because it was the guy I am anyway. At the start, she was asking me permission to see her friends and I was horrified by this. I told her she was her own person, she doesn't need my permission to see her friends (unfortunately she only really had 1 proper friend anyway). She went to stay at this friend's house most weekends (which of course got annoying but I never let on that it annoyed me).

She was finally in a relationship where her confidence would blossom, she could be herself and do what she wanted. Soon enough, she was telling me how much she loved me, and that I had 'rescued' her. As this is a kink site, I'll also say that she was always satisfied in bed, I alway made sure she reached O, usually first because we were trusting and passionate in the sheets. I knew the signs and everything to look out for so there wasn't any faking going on, on the rare occasions that she struggled then we would leave it a bit, try something else, talk to each other, kiss and cuddle. She was always reassured.

I mentioned that we go camping often. Well you could say we have a group of friends that we'd go camping with often due to a really geeky hobby I have that she wanted to get into. She started becoming really chummy with a bloke there a year younger than us. I didn't like him much but as they got closer, so did we. There was like a friend trio going on but it was always obvious to me at least who the wheel in our friendship was.... Me. He was always "sniffing around her" but I trusted her so completely, she could be friends with who ever she wanted.

In the last 9 months of our relationship I quit my job and decided to start uni. My job was going no where, and all my mates went to uni so I thought it would be a good idea. I was wrong. The loan was too small to live off and I struggled getting a job. Once I had a job in a pub, I could either work or go into uni.... So you can guess how that went. My ex got closer to this guy. If I had to work and miss a camping trip with our friends she would still go along.

I started finding pictures of her and him arm in arm. My stomach dropped. I confronted her very calmly about it. "Look, I've seen a picture that makes you and xxxx look like a couple. Can you explain this to me?" She had a "slight" anxiety issue that she had always battled with and she told me she was nervous without me so just latched onto him. It meant nothing and she was visibly quite upset to understand how it must look. I believed her. I had been offered an interview for a very good job and position so I left the pub so I could have more time with my girlfriend on the weekends and avoid these kind of photos in the future.

Unfortunately the job didn't come through. But I was given a confidence boost by the interview and applied for multiple similar and lower positions at the same company (its a massive public funded industry). None of them came through. I started applying for any job but nothing was taking me on. So now I was jobless with just a student loan to get by, I was convinced I would be quiting after 1st year because I couldn't afford to do it and needed a job. My girlfriend was great through it though. So encouraging and supportive. She did her best to make me not feel like a failure. I was still as loving as ever, determined to not make my situation ruin us.

I would leave love notes around the house for her to find, drop her to and from work, buy her small suprises, do her cooking, became somewhat of a house husband.

I had a prepaid cheap, abroad, week long holiday that my girlfriend didn't want to go on, so I went on it. While I was in another country, her and that guy went to a safari park in the next county over. She told me she was doing it the day before over the phone, it was a very brief conversation - odd for someone who would normally hold very long facetime conversations with me each day I was away and ended up crying because she missed me. This call was the only call, it was short, she was with a fellow female friend who had more of her attention. It was odd. But I didn't see any reason not to trust her.

I came back from abroad to find framed pictures and keyrings of the two of them at the safari park. It seemed like a date. Pictures all over social media. I was really worried. I again calmly confronted her. I told her how this looked, how I trusted her but was suspicious of him because I'd been in his situation. She left her ex to start dating me - a friend. The only difference was this guy was a mutual friend to us where as I had never met her ex. She firmly told me "I get why you are worried but I will not stop seeing my friend. And you trust me. As long as you trust me, you don't have to trust him. He'd never risk it anyway, he'd lose us as friends and wreck his hobby." I didn't ask her to stop seeing him, just to not meet up with him in ways that can be conshewed as dates. I started getting mutual friends ask me about this guy always snooping around. I didn't know it at the time, but they were trying to make me see what they were seeing.

We moved in together pretty much as soon as the talk about the safari incident ended. I thought that if my professional life was falling into the abyss, at least my love life was going how I wanted. My mum joked "once he's gone, he's not allowed back" and my girlfriend would reply "oh don't worry, he's not allowed to go back." I was so in love with her and it seemed like she was with me too.

My conversation started drying up. When you can't find work, and you're stuck at home all the time, you run out of things to say, so I guess I got a bit boring, where as the guy was always interesting with something new to say each time we saw him. He was at uni too and had flunked his year, so would be there even longer, but he had a summer job.

We all went away on a camping trip for a week. My girlfriend was distant. She spent a lot of time with this guy and I think she noticed how frustrated I was getting. They would go off on long walks while I'd prepare dinner. If I joined them, I got a 3rd wheel vibe. She would stay up really late playing cards and chatting with him. She came in to our tent (we had our own large tent to ourselves, he had his own across the way) one night, late after this and apologised to me for spending so much time with him that night and we then cuddled up and had sex. He left a day early and once he was gone, she seemed different, distant even. 

When we left, she was very quiet. I asked her twice along the long travel back if she was ok. The first time she said she was fine, the second she said she wasn't feeling great. We stopped off at a service station for food. She bought a burger but was picking at it. "are you sure your okay, you're not doing too well eating that." then those 4 words everyone dreads "we need to talk - but it's not the kind of talk you have in a service station" I felt sick. That was the longest hour car journey from the station to our home ever. Total silence.

We got back to hers, her parents were out in the garden. I sat her down in our room and asked what she wanted to talk about. "I want to break up." What. How could this happen. We had never even argued. We lived out a great relationship. I thought this was going to be a warning about needing to have a job or that I'd done something, anything. "why? I thought we were doing really well, we've never argued, what have I done, we can fix this..."

"you haven't done anything it's not you it's me, I just don't love you any more. I love you like a friend. It's not felt right for a long time." That statement shattered my heart. So, if I am not the reason for this, what happened, it was then I asked her "look, don't freak out but I need to know for closure, is this the same situation as how we got together, is there someone, maybe you haven't done anything or even though much about it, but is there someone else?" she took a pause, looked off to her right and said no. Perhaps that was the biggest clue of all." okay, I'm going to unpack the car and pack my stuff up, you'd better tell your parents what's going on"

That was the worst month of my life. I was jobless, poor, a uni drop out, with very few friends, and heartbroken. I got a large tax rebate and spent it rapidly drinking most nights with friends who were back for summer break. I was crying myself to sleep each night, but with my days, I could split down into job hunting, running (working out) and sitting in total silence in an arm chair for hours. I was at rock bottom. I had people I didn't even know very well saying they saw this happening and some friends said they were trying to warn me. I couldn't yet believe it was another guy that tore us apart.

A month after the split, I was sat alone and I texted her, something I should have said in person, so she could get my calm tone. It was a long message, but I wanted closure and was in a bad place. I asked if I was unbareble to live with for that month we were living properly together. I said that everyone was saying her and the guy were together. I was convinced because of how I had turned a broken, timid girl into the confident woman she is now, that I had looked after her when she was ill when no one else knew what to do, because I had taught her how to love, because of how great between the sheets we were - that she'd never leave me, but I was wrong. I got into a bit of a rant about how gutted I was after everything I'd done for her, following loosly what I just mentioned.

The response I got broke me all over again. She said she never mentioned me being unbearable, that nothing has or is going on with that bloke, that I must think very high of myself for thinking I'd been so good for her. She said I was once all she ever wanted but sometimes love just dies so I should accept that, fuck off, and leave her alone.

That was September 1st. Mid Sept they went camping with our friends and shared a tent, buggered off all weekend by themselves and acted couply while claiming to just be friends. I was supposed to get a phone call off of the bloke in question so he could say nothing was going on (he told another mutual friend he was going to make sure I was alright and didn't think anything was going on) back in mid October. I never got a call and by late October I got the news from her parents in the pub one night that they are actually seeing each other (the walls are thin, her bed is squeeky). 

In mid December I texted her a nice message because I didn't want her overall feeling of me to be based on a text sent when I was at my worst, and most of it being miss interpreted. "Hi. Look I'm really sorry about the texts back at the start of September. I was at my worst not that that's an excuse and should have thought. I'm doing a lot better now and have so much to tell you, if you'd like to catch up?" She ignored it for 3 days and responded saying she was glad I was in a better place but still thought it was too soon, she wasn't over my texts, but merry Christmas.

Have I just been naive? Would it have been right to have scared away that bloke before all this destruction. Was she ever really in love with me? it all felt so different to a typical 2 year relationship. I was the perfect guy for her - apart from my financial situation. She insists that money was never an issue, but what ruined this. Was she seeing that guy all along or just for a bit or only after we split.

Well that's my story. Time is a good revealer. I'm still pretty hung up and don't know if I even should want her back. I know what my parents think... No way! I've still not mentioned so much of the good stuff our relationship had, and the bad bits. Maybe I tolerated too much and we aren't that good for each other - I don't know. Anyway, I'm bringing down the mood.... Anyone had any similar experiences to my original post?

*004*2019-12-30 14:01

@nappypants

I like to think a lot have tried that, and certainly want to hear more stories like it

