Wet my pants in mcdonalds (male public wetting)

Author: nuralbeat66

*000*2018-01-31 01:27

I was thinking for a long time watching the videos of other public wetters how exciting it would be to do so myself in a restraunt. Ive never been this bold before but one night I decided to do it after fantasizing for years. I had just got home and , beforehand as everyday , had alot of caffeine and water in my system. I put on some fresh white briefs and dark blue heavy denim jeans with a gray longsleeved shirt. i also brought with me a long coat to hide my "accident" from my neighbors on my way home. i was already desperate driving out to the mcdonalds a ways away from my house, frantically trying to hold my bladder and drive straight at the same time. When I saw the golden arches it was like a godsend. I went in , and noticed that there was only one elderly family sitting at a booth close to the entrance, and a booth that was open next to the entrance with a place to drop the trays. i quickly ordered my food and sat down at the open booth.

I wanted to finish most of my food before I started wetting so that i wouldnt draw too much of a scene since there were people coming in and out pretty consistently. with 3 quarters of my meal finished I let loose. the pee slowly warmed my ass against the plastic of the booth and the temperature of the jeans to plastic booth ratio felt amazing. i was saddened by the fact that my crotch wasnt showing more of the pee (i was trying to shoot a video of it) but noticed after a few 10 second spurts that the denim between my legs underneath were getting darker. The feeling of the wet jeans clinging to my thighs and ass made me so horny. finishing my drink I waited a minute to see if anyone was coming and got up quickly, wet stain down the back of my jeans all the way to my knees. the family behind me got real quiet as i waited for a few people to walk through the door. it felt like a very tense moment, where i felt excited, embarassed, and turned on all at the same time. thanks for reading !

*002*2018-02-02 02:24

{{11 hours ago, Despholder said:

You have to remember to be more careful in public, especially in closed public spaces where people are having meals.

Many might find that disturbing, some might even feel sick whilst eating and it's a lot off cleaning and smell issues that need to be taken care by staff.

}}

I definitely will. its something ive considered since then.

