First wetting I witnessed

Author: effervescingelephant

*000*2012-03-15 14:20

I have always been interested in wetting. I was late to come out of diapers. I loved the secure feeling of just being able to go whenever and wherever I wanted, and I would freak out when my parents talked about potty training, like I would run around the house to avoid a diaper change and I think I was maybe three when my parents decided they had had enough of it. I remember discovering masturbation when I was very young, perhaps four or five. I would hump a pillow and the whole time I would think about either wetting myself or about this neighbor girl who was a teenager wetting/pooping her pants. At the time I did not know it was a fantasy but looking back I can see I have always been turned on by wetting and when I became a teenager I would constantly stare at the girls in class and fantasize about them peeing their pants.

When I was 14 or so I went to the park with this girl I had a crush on and a few other friends. At one point in the night the girl I liked was laughing too much and she said she had to pee but that she didn't want to get out of the swingset to walk all the way over to the bathrooms and i jokingly dared her to pee her pants, only half serious. She then said "well if I did I'd have to walk home in wet pants" and her other friend said "no, my house is right there, I'll give you some new pants" etc etc. So her friend and I kept daring her to just pee her pants because it would be "funny" and my heart was pounding out of my chest because I knew I was going to wtiness my crush peeing her pants. She finally agreed and stood up facing away from me and just started soaking her jeans.

I remember I could see how shiny and shimmering her pants were and the hissing sound it made as the stain spread across her ass and down her legs and how it pooled down at her feet. She really had to go, she peed for at least a minute straight and the whole time she and her friends were laughing and I had to pretend to laugh too and not give away the fact that I had never been more turned on in my entire life. When she got done she asked her other friends and i to touch the backs of her legs so i did and had to pretend to be grossed out but good lord was I turned on. She was still dripping wet and her pants were still shimmering. I still to this day fantasize about that incident. Throughout the rest of high school I realized that most of my female friends could be dared into peeing their pants if you pretended like it was only because it would be "funny" and I saw several other wettings under that pretense.

*003*2012-03-16 19:14

{{:

Wow, you really did start young, didn't you? I've also enjoyed seeing other people desperate to pee / wet themselves from quite a young age, but like you, I never realised that it was a fantasy until later on. Loved the story too- that must have been so exciting to see! I bet it was so difficult to pretend you weren't turned on- I would have found that hard and it's easier for girls to hide these things ;). I'd love to read some more of your experiences if you have any more you'd like to share?

}}

Sure, i'll post another experience soon. Most of them were dare wettings up until i found the first girlfriend who actually had a urine fetish prior to meeting me. to be honest i think dare wettings are some of the sexiest because there's such an air of innocence attached to it.

$

*007*2013-04-11 13:30

{{:

I've always wet the bed but my first wet on purpose was when i got in trouble

}}

I'd like to hear that story, if you dont mind :)

