Bad Elevator Ride

Author: Jetmn

*000*2021-07-01 08:44

I had just arrived at my hotel in Myrtle Beach late in the afternoon, after a 6 hour drive to spend a long weekend with some college friends. Because I didn’t want to waste any time getting there, I didn’t want to stop for a restroom break on my trip down. I decided I could wait long enough to go through the check-in process to empty my relatively full bladder and left my bags in the car to move a little faster. I could grab them just a little later. I only had to wait for one person ahead of me and they were nearly finished with the process. My check-in went smoothly which was great because I would need some relief soon.

As I stood in the lobby waiting for an elevator up to my 15th floor room, a nice looking woman who appeared to be in her mid 30s walked up beside me waiting for a ride up to her room. A ride arrived and we both got on. After I added my floor, She pressed the 12th floor button and politely smiled and I said hello. I was thinking about relaxing in my room for a while after the long drive and then meeting my friends for dinner. The elevator was on its way with a smooth ride followed by a slowing and a slight bump as it appeared to stop at the 9th floor. The pleasant woman exclaimed that there were thunderstorms in the area and wondered if there was a problem with electrical power.

I didn’t really care why the thing stopped, I was immediately aware of a bad situation developing, being stuck in an elevator with someone with the knowledge that time was limited before I may be forced into the most embarrassing situation in my life; the prospect of losing bladder control in front of a stranger of the opposite sex. I quickly used the intercom system to inform the authorities of our predicament. We were told that it would take awhile to get someone out to our location to deal with the stuck elevator. I was very distressed at hearing this response and asked how long it would be and they said at least 45 minutes and possibly around an hour or longer. I tried to maintain composure in the presence of my elevator companion, nonchalantly telling her that we might as well settle in for a long wait. She wasn’t too pleased with the fact that it would take them that long to rescue us.

After at least 15 minutes of conversation, I learned that her name was Stephanie and she was actually in Myrtle Beach on business but decided to extend her stay to enjoy some sand and sun. After about 30 minutes of trying to make it appear that I was not becoming increasingly in need of urinary relief, my bladder started moving into spasms strong enough to overcome my sphincter muscle structure. Worried that I seriously may wet my tan slacks standing only three feet away from her, I told her that I was actually in really bad shape and needed a restroom very, very soon. At first, she appeared to be alarmed about my sudden change in demeanor, but then told me she was sorry I was in such bad shape. I figured I could loosen my belt just a bit to pull some pressure off my stomach.

I faced away from her to accomplish this task and hoped it would buy me some time, but my urgency just kept increasing to where I may lose muscle control. She was kind and told me if I needed to relieve myself to just go ahead and let go before I wet myself. Almost the same time she said this, a jet of urine escaped into my underwear, and it was so strong, it soaked a large spot on the front of my slacks. I immediately turned around facing the wall, unbuckled my belt and was just getting the zipper pulled down when I totally lost control releasing a powerful two second stream into my briefs before I was able to free my penis for a lengthy release from holding back about 7 hours of pent up urine.

As if soaking my underpants and the elevator wall wasn’t enough embarrassment, I farted really loudly before my stream faded to a trickle. It was hard to believe this had happened to me, and I had to suffer the indignity of losing control of my bodily functions in front of a lady I didn’t know. I pulled my pants up and buckled my belt and put my hands up against the wall with my head down. Stephanie put her hand on my back and said she was sorry but told me I didn’t have any other choice. I turned around and she stepped back trying to avoid the shockingly large puddle I had created. I gathered myself and tried to make pleasant conversation standing there with a noticeable wet stain on the front of my pants.

I noticed Stephanie became less talkative as we approached the one hour mark. I asked her if she was ok, and she said that she was becoming worried about how much longer it would take to get out of this elevator. Then she revealed that she was going to need to get to a restroom very soon. She started pacing back and forth obviously nervous about her ability to hold on for much longer. She angrily said this shouldn’t take this long to get people out of an elevator which has already been stuck for one hour. It was obvious that her bladder was nearing its functional capacity.

I told her I would face the wall and she should relieve herself before she had an accident. She would have an easier time of it because she was wearing a knee length skirt and could quickly pull the skirt up and lower her panties and let go. She started moaning with pain after I said this and then was silent for another several seconds. I turned around so she could do what she needed to do and I heard her gasp as if trying to catch her breath and then I heard a powerful stream of liquid hitting floor with obvious force. She started crying and it was obvious that she had no time to remove her underwear and had immediately spread her legs apart when her bladder involuntarily released. It seemed like forever before she fully emptied, but it was probably not more than a minute.

After she was finished, I tried to comfort her, and remind her that a check of the back of her skirt didn’t reveal any large wet spots other than a couple small vertical lines near the hem which would quickly dry. My pants were a cotton blend and I wouldn’t be so lucky. It would be obvious that I wet myself when the rescue authorities arrived. I told her there was so much urine on the floor, it appeared to be one huge puddle, and because I was wearing the noticeable “evidence” of a bladder failure, I would tell them that I was the one that couldn’t wait any longer and lost control.

I told her a few lighthearted jokes about being in the nursing home with depends diapers and I finally got her to smile and laugh just a bit. The elevator repair guys arrived a little while later and after being stuck for approximately an hour and twenty minutes we were released from that small room. Obviously, after this incident, I had a phobia of elevators and never get on one anymore without a visit to the restroom.

