McDonald's... But at what cost?

Author: DarkWolf282

*000*2022-03-15 17:45

I wanted to share a story from last summer with you.

It was a hot day, my girlfriend and me both took free for that week because we just wanted to chill a bit and enjoy the summer together.

Because we (especially me) drank a lot to counter the heat I needed to pee. While I went inside to the toilet she got her phone and was scrolling a Lil bit through Instagram. After I came back she asked of we could go to McDonald's because there were a Special deal. I said that first we would need to clean our house. She refused and I did it alone while she chilled outside.

I was done after only roundabout half a hour and went outside. She just said "if you would have gone to McDonald's with me I would have helped". I replied, saying that we would be on the way now if she would have helped me. After that she pouted, after a bit of silence she said "and what if i don't go to the toilet now? You know I didn't pee since lunch and drank much with you".

She just knows that she is able to get me with such things, pay with your bladder things. I hestitaded but then asked how desperate she is now. She told me that it's a solid 7/10. I said I accept the offer, but only if she emptys her glass now. After short thinking she accepted and drank the rest.

There you should know, the nearest McDonald's is about half an hour away and it's a turbulent street. Not the best street to be desperate, I need to admit. But damn I like it when she goes tipsy when she is really desperate so my horny side won in that situation.

We were halfway there when she suddenly moaned and said that she would really like to pee now (As I mentioned, the street is in poor condition), but I reminded her that she can only use our toilet at home and shouldn't use the McDonald's loo. "I know baby" she replied "it doesn't even matter, firstly I hate public toilets in general and I need to pay my burger, right?" We laughed. Even now when she's desperate she is still in good mood. The rest of the drive I could see that she grabbed her croch but nothing more.

I parked the car, she was doing a little potty dance while we were going towards the entrance. While ordering at those digital boards she whispered in my ear "I just reached 9/10, I'm not sure if I manage to get home... Could I maybe use the toilet?" I refused and said even if she leaks Noone will notice, also the car is old so it doesn't matter. She asked again in a teasing voice, you know that voice where you just want to play with the other person. So I replied that if we are home and she holds for another five minutes she gets her loved chocolate milkshake on top. Her eyes lightened up and she said "oh yes, please. 5 minutes? I'm not sure if I can manage but I will try"

We submitted the order and after short waiting ours came. I checked the order because they often forget things at our McDonald's, but it looked right. We went outside and she said a bit louder "damn I'm so desperate, but this is so worth it. Thanksssss for getting us food". We got in the car and we started the drive back home. She was wiggling and grabbing herself all the time so I asked her if it's already the 10/10. She replied "nearly, damn I didn't need to piss that hard for a while, how long?" about 15 minutes, plus your 5 minutes, don't forget them. About the city before ours she gasped but immediately said "don't worry, I just guess my underwear isn't the driest anymore now. But I'm gonna make it, don't worry". I just smirked, she knows how horny that makes me.

I pulled up into our driveway, she jumping out of the car just stating 10. Definetly 10! I unlocked the door and started the timer. She went in and took of her clothes and opening her jeans. "what, 1. It takes of a little bit of pressure, 2. Give me that few seconds so I can make it". I guess my face was enough for her temper to cook up a bit. She did a massive potty dance, now that we were home. Walking up and down, circles and lifting up her legs. "how long?" 2.30 minutes left "what?! It already felt like 10. Oh damn".

Now it was my teasing time. I asked her how long she could hold it before she would flood our entire room. "shut up! Maybe 5...or less ". I checked the timer, 1 minute left. She was mad desperate. I even felt pitty for her. So I told her that there is only a minute left. "Huh. Shit. That's gonna be a close call. Huh." she stated while jumping from leg to leg, her hand deep in her croch.

Then the time was over, I told her. She sprinted past me into the bathroom... Hitting the door. She got one step backwards before sprinting again towards the toilet. She wrestled down her pants and before she managed to sit down the pee started to shoot out. She sat there, moaning, for about a minute. Then she took of her pants and pantys and threw them at me. "jerk, get me new panties and then take the McDonald's stuff onto the table". I got into the bedroom, throwing her slightly wet, and sadly black panties and the damp jeans into the laundry. Then I got her new ones and geve then to her. While turning around for going out she said "if it wouldn't have been for that stupid door there would only have been a little spot, but no, I need to hit it. Close call, I was lucky that I only lost a little spurt" I told her that she still managed good and she now really deserves her menu.

She came out happily and we started to eat.

Hope you liked this story, it's my best omorashi experience

