An evening stroll in the country

Author: minimu

*000*2012-09-22 05:14

I used to live right on the edge of a small town, and for a while I was in the habit of getting up early in the morning and going running along trails that led from the town streets into the rural famland beyond the town.

During those short morning runs, I had the trail entirely to myself, and one day it occured to me that it would be great place to have an "accident" without the risk of being seen. Now I know there are people that might like the risk of being seen and find it adds to the thrill, but up until then I had not dared to wet outside of my own home, standing in the bathtub or some such.

One evening soon afterwards, I felt like trying this and set about filling myself up with water and coke over a period of a couple of hours. I wanted to be desperate so I was passing the time watching TV and walking around the room. I didn't want to wear long pants or jeans beause I didn't really want to be walking home with my feet squelching in my shoes, so I decided that wearing my nylon running shorts would be best. It would be strange to be seen leaving the house at night in the dark wearing those, so in case any of the neighbors saw me, I decided I would change once I was there, and just go out in my jeans at first.

After a while I thought I'd reached about the right level of desperation. I couldn't sit or stand still without jiggling around and every few seconds I had to cross my legs and tense just to avoid leaking. I frantically stuffed my shorts and flip flops into a bag, grabbed my door key and walked out into the night, trembling a little as I locked the door behind me since I had to stand to do it. It was a bit easier to be walking though, and maybe the cool night air also helped.

After a few minutes I turned off the streetlit sidewalk onto the trail, which headed out between trees and eventually to an open path between fields. It felt like reaching a sort of safety, being away from the glow of the streetlights, and I felt a little calmer being in the dark shadows of the trees. There was certainly no-one around and no way I could be seen so I stopped to change. With quite some diffiulty due to my very full bladder, I managed to bend over just enough to get my sneakers off and then pushed my jeans down. 

Dancing around to stop wetting myself too soon, I kicked off my jeans and stuffed them in my bag. It felt exciting to be standing outside in the open wearing just my tight panties and a T-shirt, feeling the breeze on my thighs. I got my shorts on, stepped into my flips flops, picked up my bag and walked on slowly through the darkness. I was picking my way carefully through the darkness since I couldn't see much in front of me but I could see the gap between the trees ahead of me where the path led out to the fields. It was uncomfortable holding so much liquid in me and I was excited to think I could release any time I wanted.

Only a few steps later I stubbed my toe on a raised part of the dirt, and involuntarily did a little spurt of pee. This just made me even more desperate so I just let go there and then. I felt my crotch fill up with warmth and then a second later a hot torrent of pee running down my legs and over my feet. I stood there for what seemed like ages, just loving the feeling of liberation.

Afterwards, I took my shorts off and pulled my jeans on over my sodden panties and headed home. I passed a neighbor on the street, and felt a secret thrill at what I'd just been doing, resolving to do it again very soon. Atually, just remembering this experience as I write about it makes me want to do it all again, right in the same place.

*002*2012-09-22 07:13

Thanks. Certainly more on the way.

