Can't Resist

Author: IronTech06

*000*2018-06-27 06:24

First forum post on any website and man what a site to start on.

Anyway, I only recently found this website about a month ago when I had the sudden urge to find a video of a person pissing their pants. After searching around the internet for said video, I came across this site and was interested. I read a couple posts and thought to myself "omg I bet that would feel super nice", to wet myself that is. So I decided I would give it a try. I built up the courage to do it about a week after I said I would and decided to do it in my room wearing normal cloths like underwear, jeans and a shirt but no socks. While I waited to grow desperate I played games on my console and eventually went to lay in my bed and watch videos because I thought what I was about to do was weird enough to just keep my self away from my online friend for a bit. While watching videos on my phone i eventually went back to reading more posts on this site which is how I found out about spurting? or whatever basically where you release a short amount to release some pressure. 

I released a couple times because I like the warm feeling in my underwear. I only let out enough to keep my underwear warm but the growing pressure of having to pee was still building faster than i released it. I eventually started doing teases where I'd either press on my bladder or just stretch to increase pressure. I then went to go stand on top of a dirty towel ready to be washed already and squirmed while standing still. The pressure then started to hurt and I didn't want to wait till I was unable to control it (which I should have), and released as much as I had. Feeling the warmth of the urine flow down my legs was amazing and I was very relieved. I then took off my soaked clothing and went to take a shower. A day or two later I had to do laundry and came across the clothes I urinated in and could smell them from a few feet away. I was disgusted and said I'd never do that again.

A month or two later and my urge to piss my pants over powered my vow to never do it again and so I did. This time I held on for a lot longer than my first time. I began to feel the urge to pee around 7:30pm and actually went at around 1:40am. This time I was wearing shorts instead of jeans but otherwise my clothes were the same. I felt the urge to go when I was at a family members house and decided today was the day. I left about 10 minutes after because I had already finished with what needed to be done there. I thought to myself that I might try spurting again while I was driving but decided not to. Once I got home I drank a cup of milk and just went to play video games on my playstation. It was a long while before I had to go bad enough that I started to shift the way I was sitting.

After about a half hour of squirming in my chair, finding different positions, it became uncomfortable to move at all because the pressure to pee was great enough. At that point I decided spurting was my best bet because I still had things to finish up with my friends on Destiny 2. Once we finished we were about to head back to the tower or main hub and I said I was going to get off after that. But during the time we finished our last objective and the loading screen started to the tower I decided I had to releases now. I said I'd be back, and then rushed to the bath room (didn't have a towel this time). I then stood in the bathtub and released all that I had.

This time I had a lot more in me than the time before and my shorts were almost completely soaked front to back. I had made sure to grab a pair of basketball shorts that I could wear without underwear on underneath so that I didn't drip while heading back to my room. Once I was done relieving myself I took my shorts and underwear off and stepped out of the tub. I could have gotten in the shower then but decided not to since it would wake up my other family members at 1 in the morning. I grabbed a used wash cloth and soaked it in hot water from the sink and proceeded to wipe my wet legs with it. It didn't do much for the urine smell but at least I felt more comfortable. I might end up going again tomorrow but hey we'll see if the urge comes around again.

