Wetting Jeans

Author: AnonymousAndro

*000*2017-10-30 02:06

Hey everyone,

This is actually the first time I've posted here. I've read stories and lurked around for quite some time but I finally decided to post. I had this experience earlier today. When I realised I enjoyed this particular activity I started peeing when I had a shower. That's the easiest way for me, considering I live with my parents and I don't want them to find out. I've always been extremely curious about peeing in my pants, though.

This morning I got up and had to shave my nether regions - this is partly out of choice, partly because the weather has been hot lately and I have a tendency to get little pimple like things everywhere I have hair - and that's including on my scalp. Keeping it short doesn't keep them away but it does make them easier to see and deal with before they can get infected. Anyhow, after I finished that, I looked down and thought...why not? I was home alone all day, no one would know...

I have a pair of jeans that hardly fit anymore and that are too stiff and uncomfortable to wear. So, I put them on. They're rather tight, especially around my abdomen, which only added to the pressure that was building in my bladder. I hadn't gone since I woke up, and I drunk a few glasses of water - as you can imagine, the need to go was increasing. I didn't want to get it on anything other than myself, so I went into the bathroom and into the shower - with the water off, of course.

I stood there for a moment as the need increased. I knew if I didn't go so I'd likely bust so I started to. That first little spurt was reluctant to go so I undid my jeans and put my hand down them, massaging myself for a minute. I barely retracted my hand before the first bit came out. It splashed on my leg and felt so warm, so good. That one spurt was all my bladder needed and I let it all out. It ran down my jean clad legs, pooling against my feet and went on for several minutes, a result of not going when I first woke up and drinking plenty of water. It felt warm against my legs, and so amazing that it was running down everywhere. To just let go, to not have to think about anything...there were no worries, no anxieties, nothing other than pee running down my legs.

When I finished, I looked down at the jeans. They were quite wet, sticking to my legs in some parts, but it still felt so good. I grabbed my camera (which I had placed nearby) and took a quick photo before putting it away. I got the jeans off - which was a little tricky, considering they were wet and stuck to my legs at this point - and took a quick shower. After drying and dressing I came on here to share the experience. I've never wet in clothes before, but it is something I'll likely be doing again!

$$

