Locked Out After School

Author: boundbabe

*000*2012-10-14 04:31

This event is very vivid in my mind, so I thought I would share it on the site, as I thought some of you might appreciate it...this is the story of the afternoon I was locked out of the house and I wet myself trying to get in.

I distinctly remember needing to pee before I got to the house, but thinking I;d be able to just open the door and go to the bathroom, I didn't think anything of it.

Then I couldn't find my keys. Fuck. That was the first moment I panicked, thinking, will I have to pee outside, in the front yard, no less. I could feel how tight my lower stomach was, and how desperate I was to go, I was crossing my legs, attempting to distract myself, but nothing stopped that tight feeling in my bladder. I was almost crying from desperation.

My only option was to jump over the back gate, which was higher than me and very difficult to scale. Especially when any movement of my legs would cause me to wet myself. But it was the only way.

I remember holding my lower stomach muscles very very tightly, to the point of pain, just so I wouldn't release, as I started to climb over the gate.

The desperation of needing to pee and also the panic of getting inside to the bathroom, plus climbing over the gate to get to the back door was a lethal combination. I distinctly recall wearing my school pants at the time too. I can remember trying to cross my legs as I was climbing over the gate, without applying pressure to my full bladder, but just when I thought I was over the gate - I was halfway over, my legs open - I cried out in pain and also slight embarassment - considering our house was facing the street - and I couldnt hold it any longer.

After a second of hesitation, the tightness of my bladder became too much and I ended up wetting myself. It was a strange sensation - relief, warmth and embarassment. But I certainly felt better. It was also a strange feeling, to have wet my school pants and also my panties underneath, which were soaked.

Just thought Id share that nostalgic gem with you all ;)

- boundbabe

*002*2012-10-14 04:37

Hehe. Thanks. Ive got a couple more to come...;)

*004*2012-10-14 13:22

{{: 

First, welcome to the site boundbabe!

Second, nice first story! Getting locked out seems to be a common scenario when someone's bursting. lol I'm sure we'd all love to hear more from you especially with a bit more detail added. Like what your attire was, a little more detail on the desperation and building up to it, what you had to drink(?). All things I love to hear in a wetting experience.

I hope you enjoy what you find on this site and the people you meet. (:

~Cotton

}}

Thanks for the advice Cotton...Ill add some more details and re-post soon ;)

