My baby is a VERY good girl... What else to put her through?

Author: baddesperate

*000*2021-12-02 07:21

We'll call her Serena

She's 19 and the perfect match. Because of school, we do long distance... but we make it work.

For instance: there will be days where I make sure she's drinking extra as she goes about her day, unable to use the campus restrooms. She obeys without question. I'll let hours casually pass by until later in the evening she's sending pictures and texts more frantically, and begging to use the bathroom while the girls in her dorm focus on their studies. Embarrassed to even admit to sex (religious school - I'm her first), she really does her best to hide her desperation until she's allowed to strip for me in private. Super cute. She knows I love to see those runner legs squirm.

Anyways, Serena really is such a good girl. I know this because she always holds it as long as she needs to; no leaking. God knows she's well trained to my benefit.

But surely there's some kind of limit? You ask....

Only one time have I've asked her to go before my own finishing. It wasn't even out of mercy. Only after many hours of overdrinking and playing with eachother could such a situation even arise. The pain and desperation had become pleasure and sexual urgency. She was pulling at me, and moving her hips so as to be fucked harder in a way I'd never seen (in her sexual inexperience, something new). Trembling and begging.

The problem, believe it or not Omorashi.org, became her utterly undeniable desperation. Her bladder was full and bulging inside, blocking my cock from entering even half way. I brushed up against the pressure of a hard bladder in such a blissful, agonizing, desperate fuck. It was such an intense experience that I worried. She wanted even more, but there was too much pain in trying. Because I do love this girl, she was made to go use the toilet while sucking me off, and I was better able to pound her into submission afterwards.

So my babygirl is coming to visit, soon, and I need some more scenarios for her to play out. What should I have her do while she grows increasingly desperate? Something to help keep her somewhat occupied or distracted from her needs. Setting wise, we'll probably just stay inside and watch something. Maybe I should put her in a schoolgirl outfit.

