Traffic Jam

Author: Sarah

*000*2011-09-07 00:05

Ok seeing as i'm new here, I thought I should contribute with the story of me completely soaking my pants during a drive home last Christmas.

It was incredibly snowy (for those of you from the UK, you will remember this snow storm from mid December 2010) and I had picked that day to drive home from University for the Christmas break. While I had been packing my car, my friend from home who came up to help me had made us lots of coffee to keep us awake.

After packing the car up and drinking an unhealthy amount of coffee, we set off for our usually 1 hour 30 minute drive home. Not 10 minutes into the journey, we were stuck in almost standstill traffic. This traffic didn't get any better any time soon. Around 40 minutes into the journey, I could feel the need to pee rapidly sneaking up on me. The fear that we were no more than 10 miles from where we started, the fact that the traffic was at a complete standstill plus the cold weather all made me need to pee even more. I knew I wasn't going to make it until we got back home, so I told my friend that I was getting incredibly close to peeing myself. He suggested peeing into a cup or bottle, but alas, we had neither in the car. To make matters worse, I was wearing incredibly tight light blue jeans, and I knew if I did wet myself that my friend would definitely notice. 

Eventually the inevitable happened and a little bit escaped, making an incredibly loud hissing noise. There was a huge wet patch between my legs and my friend immediately looked over with shock. He asked if that was all of it and I told him that was just the start, so he said to get out of the car while it was still and pee outside so it wasn't all over my seats. So I did this, I stepped outside, but because I didn't want to expose my bum to all the other cars, I just stood next to my door and completely let loose in my jeans. I peed for a good 30 seconds, and even though I knew other cars could see what I was doing, I didn't care because it felt so dam good! My jeans were completely soaked, and when I got back n the car my friend was chuckling and said, don't be embaressed, it's kinda cute!

Anyway, I carried on the journey sat in my soaking jeans. The journey took 6 hours in total, and I needed to pee twice more on the journey home. The 2nd time I told him I had to go again, and he said I may aswell just go in my jeans while sat in the car seeing as I was already soaked. So, I just let go right there. The 3rd time, I didn't even tell him, I just let it go! ;)

*003*2011-09-07 11:09

I still can't believe I had to go 3 times, it was unbelievable! Never in my life has the happened before or since on any size journey. And the first time I didn't remove my jeans because I'd already peed in them, so I thought I may aswell just finish in them. The second and third times the cars were moving so I couldn't get out, and given I'd already peed, my friend telling me I may aswell, plus me liking the feeling of peeing myself, I just thought hell, why not! =)

*009*2011-09-11 00:10

Surprisingly the car seat wasn't too bad, they're incredibly dark so you could hardly see the stain. And there was quite a smell left afterwards, but it faded away over a couple of weeks with the help of lots of febreeze! :D

$

