Home Depot Wetting

Author: OmoGamerGirl

*000*2017-01-16 08:18

Hey all. I've been a lurker for a long time but I've finally decided to share an experience I had a few years ago.

I was pregnant with my first child at the time, 8 or 9 months along. If you've seen pictures of where the baby fits inside a pregnant woman, you know that the bladder gets squashed flat as a water balloon that has been sat on.

This particular night, I had to run to Home Depot for a furnace filter and a few other things. I had to wander around the store for awhile trying to find everything, and by the time I was ready to check out, I was fairly desperate. I was wearing a floor length maxi skirt. As I was going through the check out process, I couldn't stop thinking about a story I had read on here one time about someone who had been desperate in Home Depot and had ended up completely wetting themselves at the checkout counter. 

As I stood there in line thinking about how nice it would be to relax my bladder, I was surprised by my bladder doing just that! To this day, I'm not sure if I could have done anything to prevent it or not, but the honest truth is that I didn't want to. A long stream burst out of my bladder, which felt amazing, but I was horrified when most of it gushed straight down and hit the floor, instead of being soaked up into my panties or even running down my leg. I was so shocked that I was able to forcibly stop the stream (I've always had extremely good bladder control, which is a blessing and a curse). I finished paying and was releaved to see that there was only a tiny, maybe quarter sized wet spot on the floor. No one was behind me so there was no risk of being found out.

As I walked out the doors to my car, I felt extremely excited (in more ways than one, if you get my drift) by the fact that I had just wet myself slightly in public. That only served to add to my desoeration, which had not been releaved in the slightest by my leak.

When I got to my car, in the dark and largely abandoned parking lot, I had a crazy, sexy, daring idea. I would stand next to my car, in my long maxi skirt, and let it all flow.

And that's exactly what I did. I peed for what seemed to be ages. It felt euphorically good. When I was done, a very large and long puddle was running away from my car. I then got in my car and drove home (looking back I should have slipped off the wet underwear before sitting down - my skirt and seat ended up pretty soaked. I threw everything in the wash when I got home.

I have definitely enjoyed the memory of that night many times and hope someday to have more similar experiences to share.

