Another story:)

Author: Sungirl17

*000*2017-06-18 21:42

I think people liked my first story I posted so i decided to tell another one of my experiences. This one was planned, but one of my most fun times wetting myself. I hope you enjoy:)

No sooner did I hear my parents car pull out of the driveway, I was preparing for something I had never done before, wetting myself in a diaper. Just pulling out the thick, spongy incontinance briefs gave me that giddy delight one feels before indulging the kink of their choice.

In preparation for my parents bunco night, I had been sipping water for the last hour and a half, downing 2 whole water bottles. Even as I was getting ready I felt that my bladder was already getting full.

After removing all of my clothes I slipped on the diaper and marveled at how soft it felt. The bulk of squishy material between my legs was strangely erotic. I was almost reluctant to wet them it was so nice.

Anyway, on my bed I had laid out several old spare blankets, and wearing only the diaper I laid down on the edge And rolled over. I rolled again, holding the edge of the first blanket tight against me, wrapping myself up in their warmth. I rolled again till I was at the opposite edge of my bed, about to fall to the floor.

Now my bed is actually a solid base, meaning there was a narrow crevice between it and my bedroom wall. I tentatively tipped myself over the edge and slid down into that gap, ending up tightly wedged in place and swaddled in warm blankets.

The first feeling was pure excitement. The sensations of tightness and soft fabric touching every inch of my naked skin had my heart beating out of my chest. That feeling subsided into pure comfort. I felt safe and hidden away from the world, then my urge to pee resurfaced and added an element of naughtiness to my predicament.

Now I wasn't indefinitely stuck, if and when I wanted to I could struggle hard and move my bed enough to free myself. But for that moment I was content to hold back my bladder and squirm in my blanket cocoon.

It didn't take long, maybe an hour I'm not sure exactly, but the desperation had increased dramatically. I bit into the blankets and groaned at the pressure, having already felt myself leak a couple times so I knew it was coming, even if wanted to back out now there was no way I'd be able to struggle myself free without peeing all over myself. That exact feeling was the most erotic for sure. Knowing it was going to happen and nothing I could do would stop it.

I was forced to give in. The stress melting away as I emptied my bladder was amazing. My crotch was encased by a warm, soggy diaper and again that feeling of being such a kink had me giggling to myself.

Thanks for reading:) I love being able to write and share like this.

*003*2017-06-19 03:04

Thanks lol, luckily no my parents havent found out about the kinky things i do.

After i was done ejoying my time, i just threw the diaper away in my bathroom trash. Im the one who takes it out so they never would see it. Then i just started a load of laundry for the blanket that got a little wet and took a shower before they got home. Really im more worried about starting college with a roommate and everything, going to be very tricky to hide this sort of thing without the privacy of home.

Im thinking of writing a fiction story next, so long as its not explicitly sexual, are there any rules against the characters being highschool age?

