On my way to work

Author: cuteasafox

*000*2012-10-09 01:21

I work In an office in the city. I take the subway to work everyday and grab breakfast on the way. Today I decided on a big cup of coffee and achocolate muffin. I finish eating and drinking my coffee and continue on my way to work. Half way to the subway I notice I have to pee, not too bad and I know I can hold it. I reach the subway about ten minutes later an at his point I am pretty uncomfortable with the amount of urine filling up my bladder. Step by step down and I can feel it splashing around in me. I put my hand on my privates to try and help but quickly pull away so I look like the proper lady I should be. I walk up to the toll booth in my uncomfortable high heels.

I buy my ticket and ask the man where the rest rooms are located. He told me that he water line broke do they were temporarily out of order. I feel my bladder Getting fuller with every word he said. I shift around while I wait for the subway and try to distract myself from my bad decision to get a huge coffee. I step onto the subway and it's not too crowded. I find that I good and bad thing. Good because not so many people would see me so ddesperately holding onto my pee and bad because if I had an accident it would be more noticeable. I sit down but the waist line of my skirt digs into my bursting bladder so I stand up.

I put my hand on my stomach and my bladder is as big and hard as a basketball. I'm almost to my work building and I don't know how much longer I can hold it. My knees start to shake and my high heels click against the metal floors bronzing my stop gets her and I run out the door as fast as my bladder will let me. I take the dreadful elevator Ride up to my floor where I find my boss waitin for me a my desk. He calls me on for an immediate meeting with a few other workers. I want to cry my bladder is so full I can barely walk. I go into the meeting and sit down. My waist line digging into my enlarged bladder. The whole time I don't know what anyone is saying. I'm too focused on not wetting myself. I can't help it anymore and have to slip my hand under my skirt and hold mys elf.

A man walks in and hands us all a cup of coffee. I would have felt rude not to touch it bso I do as everyone else did and drank it. Minute by minute and I can feel the last space in my bladder filling up. My hand still in my skirt. The coffee man leaves with everyones cups and as he's leavin with mine he bumps into my chair. I felt a trickle come out so I put my hand in my panties and put my finger directly over my ureathra. I get goosebumps and that was enough for me. I stood up to excuse myself. The boss called me into his office. He asked me what I was thinking truly to walk out on a meeting. He never gave my time to explain. My bursting bladde had enough. I spread my legs an held myself. A long hard stream of pee was falling from between my legs. All down my legs and on my heels. It couldn't stop peeing and I didn't want to.

