Another instance of my amazing girlfriend wetting

Author: SaintyBat

*000*2012-05-23 03:15

I recently posted an experience i had with my girlfriend wetting herself, well here is another (she sorta has a weak bladder ... and likes doing it anyway).

We were at a friends house playing video games (halo reach if i remember correctly) when she pokes me and says "bat i gotta pee".now she only said that to me because she knows it turns me on so since she was being mean i decided to be mean back. I laughed and said "you're not allowed". she giggled at me and went back to playing games. she thought i was joking about her not being allowed.....right up until she said "i gotta potty" and got up to leave. mind you she said it only to me and quietly enough so no one else would hear. i gently grabbed her arm and smiled at her.

"where are you goin sweetcheeks? the game is just getting fun." she laughed and sat back down still sort of thinking i was joking. with all our friends around she didnt think i would actually do it, but as time went by she kept pointing out that she was bursting and it was obvious it was aimed to turn me on and since she was doing that in front of all our friends, why not tease her back? she stood up again to which i quickly said "where ya goin honey?"

She looked at me and said "i gotta pee remember? duh. haha" and started to walk away. she gets embarassed about having to pee if anyone knows except for me so once again she didnt say it loudly so our friends didnt knowshe had to go. i hopped up and playfully tackled her. we were on the floor laughing and rolling around and having fun and then i kissed her and started making out with her which i must say is one of the better stalling tactics ihave ever implemented. i felt her wiggle under me so i let her up and then smiled widely as i saw my friend enter the bathroom and close the door. now she was blocked out for a few minutes. she shook from foot to foot and wiggled about, it was really cute. she looked at me and said it "damn it i gotta go!" i laughed and said "i know" and it was then she realized i was trying to stall her purposefully.

"you bastard" she said laughingly to which i replied, "you were mean so im being mean back". i took her hand and led her into the kitchen where i promised her that as soon as our friend came out i would let her go. about 10 minutes later he finally came out and she was shaking really badly. she was standing with her hand pressed in her crotch and kinda moaning in what i think was pain. i asked if she was ok and she said "bat youre a bitch....at this point if i move my hand or really any of me, ill pee everywhere....." i apologized cuz i didnt mean to actually maker her wet herself in front of our friends and assured her that she could make it.

No one came in the kitchen that entire time, our 3 or 4 friends were out playing video games still and like i said she gets super embarassed about pee unless its me she is showing or talking about it with. i felt really bad for pushing it to this point so i patted her on the shoulder and started to helpher walk to the bathroom slowly so she wouldnt wet herself, when several our friends came in the other door to the kitchen and startled her. she squealed loudly and immediatly after a loud hiss could be heard. a wet patch formed on her butt and in between her legs and ran down to the floor soaking her pants entirely except for the outsides of her legs. the smell of urine filled the room (and boy did it smell good) and a huge ass puddle spread across the floor. Our friends watchd wide eyed as my girlfriend wet herself in their kitchen. when she was done she was bright red and i felt really bad cuz i knew how embarassed she was.

Now the cool thing about my gf is when something bad happens or something bothers her she puts on a tough face and acts like nothing happened, so she stood straight up and looked at my friends who were still staring at her drenched pants and the puddle and she says "what are you staring at? i had to pee.i didnt know that it was a crime." and with that she turned and walked out. i followed her and started to apologize and she turned to me and interrupted me with, "bat....youre a dick. that was embarassing as hell."

And i thought she was gonna cry and so i was ready to take her home and comfort her and everything until she said "but on the other hand, im kinda exhibitionist and that was one of the hottest things ive ever done and i am so damn aroused that i nearly came from the pee stream and them watching alone, so heres what you get to do. take me home, take my clothes off for me and take care of this need i seem to have going." so i did just that, which is how we found out that she enjoys public wetting. she has promised me she is gonna do it in a mall soon ;) ill post more of her stories....shes so great. lots of accidents and purposeful wettings so lots of stories to share.

Saintybat <3

