2 nights of bedwetting (Male)

Author: Vista

*000*2019-06-11 10:26

Decided to wet my bed on sunday night. Wore a pair of black y-fronts, and my stripy blue pyjama top. Didn't bother with the toilet before turning in (that kills the fun).

Went to bed at around 1am. I was desperate when I turned off the light and got into bed. I let go right after getting into bed. I felt the warmth envelop my crotch and arse as my pants became saturated. Then I could feel the puddle making it's way up my back, soaking my pyjama top up to the middle of my back. I masturbated in my soaked pants, occasionally adding some more pee to them.

I then turned over and went to sleep in my lovely warm wetness. I woke up later on (not sure what time), still soaked, but desperate to pee again. I let go again, feeling the warm pee envelop my crotch again, before creeping up my back a second time. I masturbated again, enjoying the soaked pants, and then went back to sleep. I next woke up soaked at 5am when my alarm went off. I went and got in the shower, still wearing my pants and pyjama top (they were so wet they needed rinsing). I rung them both out after my shower, and put them under my pillow (I knew I would be wetting again the next night), and went to work.

Last night, I had made sure I drunk loads, and didn't use the toilet again before getting into bed. I put my now damp pants and pyjama top back on. I got into bed, and felt the cold wetness from the previous night (that's ok....I had a way of warming it up). I let go right after getting into bed, and the warm wetness quickly soaked both me and the bed again. I masturbated in my soaking wet pants, and then went to sleep. I woke up again later on, again bursting to pee. Already wet, I completely relaxed my bladder, and resoaked myself and the bed.

Another quick masturbation session, followed by lifting the duvet to inhale the lovely aroma of my misdeeds, after which I went back to sleep. Woke up again at about 9am when my alarm went off, turned off the alarm, and could feel my bladder aching for relief with my morning pee. Let go again, feeling all the same sensations...Masturbated one last time, then got up, and went and had a shower in my soaked pants and top. Sheets, pants, and pyjama top are now in the washer for a rinse (I wash them properly once a month), to be followed by my protective bottom sheet (which doesn't always protect the matress how it's meant to...oh well...I know there's that risk, and I don't care).

A picture of my bed before removing the bottom sheet is attached.

