Xbox Live Hold

Author: Redder12

*000*2019-01-16 05:06

I've been considering doing this for a while and now I've finally decided to do it as my first story on this site. I apologize in advance if it's a bit sloppy or descriptive at parts, this happened 2 years ago so my memory of it is not the strongest. Anyway, here goes..

It was just a normal day for me, playing ranked on rainbow six siege as I do very often, just this time without my friends. I rarely ever do holds and felt like this would be the perfect time to as I had nothing else to do that day. I decided to grab two 32 fl oz gatorade bottles and sip them as I went through the matches.

Throughout the first game everything went fairly well as I finished my first gatorade and moved onto my 2nd about halfway through. Towards the end I started to feel a tiny urge but thought I had it easy through at least another 2 matches. At the end of the 1st match I drank halfway through the 2nd gatorade and decided to stop as the urge started to grow stronger and see if I would make it through another match.

At the time of this hold, I never knew how much I was able to hold and never kept track of just how much I was actually drinking and how fast it would go through me, so I started up a new ranked match feeling confident. This match was not really my match, I was off my game and trying to focus to surpress the quickly growing urge in my bladder. Well, this match was long, and I was standing up from my chair and shifting from foot to foot using any chance I could get to grab myself and hang on just until the match was over.

Unfortunately for me, the match headed into overtime, forcing me to struggle through at minimum 2 more rounds, at this point I was getting doubtful and worried as I had nothing prepared for a wetting and had never unintentionally wet myself inside my house before. In the middle of the final round, I was getting hopeful that I'd make it. I was struggling really badly bouncing up and down still trying to use both hands to play the game. I sneak up one someone on the enemy team and see my chance to help my team out for once, I stand still to help myself focus on the game and I line up the shot and I'm ready to pull the trigger....but then my bladder pulled a trigger of its own and started leaking a quick stream out into my shorts. 

I quickly take the shot hopping up and down in an attempt to stop it and once I get killed and the game ends so I put my controller down and throw my hands to my crotch to stop the flow. I somehow eventually get it to stop and then I look down and see that there is a huge spot on my shorts and some running down my leg, luckily I was wearing black shorts so the stain would be hidden well, I wipe up my legs and hurry up to my bathroom to finish off the much needed break.

I had never had anything like this happen to me within memory and I recalled it to the best of my ability and I hope whoever reads can enjoy it

*003*2019-01-22 04:58

{{On 1/18/2019 at 10:07 PM, theGAME420 said:

I had a very similar scenario play out for me a couple weeks ago. I was playing Black Ops 4 zombies online. I had played several rounds and noticed I had to pee. I thought to myself, I'll play one more round and then go use the bathroom. Our squad starts into the match and for the first ten rounds I could feel my bladder filling but I thought I'll hold it, it'll be fine.

By the time we got to round 20 I'm thinking I probably should have used the bathroom before this round started. My bladder is quite full at this point, maybe a 7.5/10. I'm thinking we're doing good in this round so I'll keep going and hold it.

By the time we reach round 30 I'm beginning to question how many more rounds I can wait. My bladder is easily a 9.5/10 at this point. I ask the other guys to hold a zombie at the end of a round so I can pee, but round after round goes by and the last zombies keep getting killed. Most of this is unintentional as it's difficult in the later rounds to know when the zombies will stop coming. I tell the other guys that if we don't hold a zombie soon that I was about to pee my pants.

We surpassed round 40 and my bladder was about to explode. Easily a 10/10 at this point. I'm doing everything possible, pee dance, crossing my legs, to keep the pee in.

We get to round 45 and I can feel it coming. The pee feels like it's right on the tip of my penis. I know in my heart I can't make it another round. As I was focused on the zombies on the screen I felt a burst escape into my boxers. A couple of seconds later another burst. I finally thought to myself, ya know what, it's too late, I'm just gonna pee myself and be done with it.

So with that thought in mind I relaxed myself. I immediately felt a 3-4 second stream spread into my boxers and my Jeans. A couple of seconds later another 3-4 second stream ran into my pants. I quickly looked down from the tv and saw a sizable wet patch on my crotch. I refocused on the game and when I did the dam finally let go. As I focused on the torrent of zombies on the screen, a torrent of pee was cascading through my Jeans. For the next about 45 seconds my bladder emptied itself. I felt an EXTREME sense of relief by the fact that I didn't have to pee anymore. We made it several more rounds before dying. Afterwards, I took a shower, changed clothes, and cleaned up.

All in all I have to say it was a.....fun experience

}}

Wow...much better described than me...lol much more interesting story by you

