I wet myself as teen

Author: notnotboy

*000*2019-09-01 21:40

Hello, this is my first story so please dont be to critical. I am sorry for my bad english. But now the story begins.

This is s story from my childhood when i was about 14 years old. I was shopping with my mother and my brother becausd school was starting again soon and i needed some new shirts, shorts and jeans. So we went to a big shopping mall around 100 miles away from my hometown. We spent the whole day there and i bought a lot of things and had a nice day but it was very hot i was only wearing a shirt and shorts, i also wore a new pair of those grey calvin klein boxers, which i wear the most time. So on i drank a lot of soda this day and had to go to the bathroom soon, not bad but it was noticeable. The day passed and my need to pee increased but i didint found a toilette. As it was getting dark, around 7 p.m. we decided to drive home. We brought our shopping bags to the car and got in.

After only 5 minutes of driving i noticed my bladder and had to go really bad. I asked my mother for a stop at a gas station but she said the we are home soon and i should hold it. after another 10 minutes i was so desperate that i had to put my hand in the crotch to avoid peeing myself. I begged my mother for a stop but she said no. Then my brother noticed my urge to pee and began to talk with me like a baby. I felt like i was going to explode i had never have to pee so bad and we were around 30 minutes from home. I already thought that i wouldnt make it home in time. All of sudden a wave of desperation hit me and i leaked a bit into my boxers luckily it didnt show on my pants. I put both handy into my crotch and hoped that we are home soon. Then a few minutes later i had another leak. My boxers were dampended and clinging to my skin. It was also a visible wet spot ok my pants. I was pressing so hard to not pee myself completly but i leaked a few times till we were in my hometown.

As i saw our house i felt another long spurt escaping into my boxers which were really soaked by then. At the moment as i got out of the car i noticed that i also had to poop. I ran to the door and waited for my home to unlock it but she wasnt coming because she had to bring the clothes with her and she had no arms free to look for the key. I was hastly looking for the key but didnt found it. I was on the verge of peeing and pooping myself like a baby. After a few very desperate minutes, my mother finally found the key and unlocked the door. I ran to the bathroom but at the moment as i want to open the bathroom door it happend. I stood there both legs apart pee was runnikg down my legs i totally flooded my pants and a big puddle formed under my legs. 

I was standing there in a rigid and let it flow. It felt so good but also so embrassing. Suddenly i felt a pressure of poop and without any presigns the poop came out. It stood there with completly soaked and pooped pants and couldnt believe what had happened. I was so shocked that i didnt even moved. As the pee stream stopped i took of my pants and took a look at the damage. My boxers were completly soaked and the back was brown and all over with poop. I took them off and took a shower. Then i cleaned my boxers and took my pants and boxers into the washmashine so my mother wouldnt notice my messy accident. My mother didnt say anything to me but i think she noticed my accident. It was just so embrassing.

That was my story i hope you enjoyed.

Bye

