Desperation Sightings

Author: Kayn

*000*2020-09-20 01:26

I have had my fair share of desperation sightings (mostly at school) and have been meaning to share them for a while. I guess I’ll start off with one of my favorites.

This is probably the best desperation sighting I have witnessed to date. It was in 6th grade, during French class. Now, at our school, the bathrooms were always locked during passing time, and they’re unlocked a couple minutes into the start of the period. This French class happened to be a double period, meaning when the bell rang in the middle, all the bathrooms would be locked.

The incident involves a cute blonde girl sitting next to me (who I will refer to as R), and I believe she was wearing a t-shirt and jean shorts (details are a bit fuzzy, since it was a long time ago). Anyway, during the first half of the period, she had to pee. However, our teacher was at the front teaching, and R didn’t want to interrupt her to ask for the bathroom. So the class continued on like this, our teacher droning on and on with no intention of stopping anytime soon, and R, who already had to pee pretty badly at the beginning, was clearly getting anxious. 

She was super fidgety and hoping that the teacher would hurry up and finish, constantly adjusting her position, crossing and recrossing her legs. Since she was sitting in front of me on my right, I had a perfect view of her struggling as the minutes dragged on. She wiggled around the entire time, trying to focus on taking notes, but her attention was clearly elsewhere. I could see her legs constantly jiggling under the desk, feet tapping on the floor as she tried to distract herself by paying attention to the lesson, although I had a feeling she wasn’t really listening to what the teacher was saying.

She was clearly getting exasperated as the teacher prolonged the lesson more and more, forcing R to endure her rapidly-filling bladder. As we neared the end of the first period, she had become incredibly desperate: her cheeks were flushed red, she was sighing urgently, and her legs were swinging fervently.

Finally our teacher finished up the lesson, giving R the chance to ask for the bathroom. But right at that moment the bell rang to signal the end of the period, meaning all the bathrooms were now locked. This was very bad news for R, who was now absolutely dying to pee. She glanced at the clock, clearly in despair because she knew she’d have to wait another ten minutes for the bathrooms to be unlocked, and she was already bursting.

By now she was totally frantic, bouncing her legs vigorously, unable to sit still for even a second. Everyone was busy doing the class activity, so with all the chatter no one seemed to notice her plight; except me, of course. I was super turned on by this point, hardly able to believe my luck at being able to witness her intense desperation. I could hear her soft moans and the sound of her thighs slapping together as she furiously swung her legs side to side.

With about five minutes to go, R was so desperate she was actually bouncing her entire body up and down on her chair, her butt literally pounding against the seat loudly. I have never seen someone at this level of desperation in my life! She was breathing heavily, glancing desperately at the clock constantly, undoubtedly willing the time to go faster. I “accidentally” dropped my pencil, and when I bent down to pick it up, I saw her hand grasping her crotch under the desk, her legs shaking furiously. She was clearly at her limit!

As aroused as I was, I was really starting to become concerned for her now; as hot as it might’ve been, I really didn’t want her to embarrass herself. She was clearly in great discomfort, her eyes now glistening with tears, and the distress on her flushed face was palpable. At long last, the second bell finally rang to signal the start of the next period. R shot up from her chair at the sound, pacing desperately on the spot as she looked for the teacher, who was at another table helping a couple of students on the class assignment. I thought she would go ask for permission to go to the bathroom, but, clearly unable to wait even a minute longer, she simply turned and rushed out of the room without even asking. Since this was middle school, students can easily get in trouble for leaving the classroom without permission, so the fact that she risked detention to rush out of the class must’ve meant she was truly on the verge of wetting herself.

Unfortunately for me, that’s where the sighting ended, and the rest was up to my imagination. I pictured her running down the hallway to the closest bathroom, hurrying to the desk next to the bathroom door where the teacher was sitting so she could sign in (this was a policy, all students had to sign in on a form before using the bathroom). Grabbing the pen and furiously scribbling down her name and time of entry, no doubt dancing on the spot all the while. Throwing the pen down, I imagined her rushing into the girls’ bathroom and bursting into the stall, unbuttoning her shorts as she went, and, once inside, tearing her shorts and soaked panties down to finally sit on the toilet and release a blast of pee, emptying her aching bladder at long last.

When she came back, her flushed face looked very relieved and her shorts were dry, although I highly doubt the same could’ve been said for her underwear. Luckily for her, the teacher didn’t seem to notice that she left the room without asking, so she avoided a potential detention as well. All in all, it was a very exciting class for me, and a memory that I’ll certainly never forget.

I have a couple more sightings, maybe not as good as this one, but still decent, which I’ll post here when I get a chance.

