I Wet Myself for the First Time in Years

Author: JackylMeHoff

*000*2017-12-28 19:04

Yesterday, I made a post asking whether I should get into wetting again. Well, this is the result of the responses I got.

So this morning after I went for a run, I decided that I would try wetting an old (and consequently tight-fitted) pair of jeans. It was my first time that I was going to wet myself in years, so I was both nervous and ecstatic.

I was so excited at the time that I decided I would padlock my pants so there would be no opportunity for backing out. So I cut out the button on the pants, grabbed a padlock that I used to use for my gym locker in high school, and locked myself in my bedroom. I was debating between the bedroom and the bathroom, but I figured the bedroom would be a more humiliating experience, and I think I kinda dig that.

I drank 3/4ths of a pitcher of water, put on the old jeans and padlocked the jeans on me. They were too tight to slide down while buttoned, so they weren't coming off unless I took off the padlock. I sat using my computer for only about an hour before I got really desperate.

I kept working on my computer and tried to ignore it, but eventually the desperation got so bad that I couldn't focus. I knew I was only a minute or two away from wetting. I decided that I didn't want to wet my pants all over my bedroom floor, but there was no way I could leave my bedroom to go to the bathroom and risk having my brothers or mother see me wearing those padlocked jeans.

I debated what I should do for about 10 more seconds, when I remembered that I had a (pair of) scissors sitting on the shelf by the window. But at that point, it was too late.

I was whimpering, and I only managed to take a step toward the scissors before I uncontrollably emptied my bladder. I tried not to cry, but I knew that I was genuinely defeated. I wet my pants, and it soaked all over my carpeted floor (I have a pretty big bladder). I knew my room would smell like piss for days, and I feared that my family would find out what happened...

Everything turned out fine though - I cut the padlock off with the scissors, covered up with a pair of shorts, and made my way to the bathroom so I could wash myself and my jeans. I even shampooed my carpet, so my room probably smells fresher than it did before I had my accident!

At the time, I felt so much shame and humiliation; I felt dominated. But looking back on this morning's events gets me really excited; so I feel torn. I'm not sure if I should continue to wet myself, because it really does use up a lot of time and effort of trying to keep it a secret. What do you guys think?

