Mass Desperation

Author: ThickMilk

*000*2019-07-29 09:35

(This is my first ever post as I'm new so please don't judge me if it's bad lol)

So i was shopping with my best friend and we drank lots of fluids due to the recent heatwave that hit Europe. We had both downed 2 waters each and shared a big smoothhie. As we were walking around shops she mentioned that she had to pee but it wasnt urgent so we put it off. We went into a tea shop because they always have shot sized samples and downed around 10 each. This is when i started to feel an urge but we both put it off. We went to go play ping pong for a while and i noticed her squirming a little so i suggested we head to the bathroom in the mall. They only have one toilet as it is a smallish building.

As we were walking towards the toilet we saw the line and this is when my bladder decided to wake up. My need that was previously at a 5/10 shot up to an 8/10. My best friend let out a sigh as she crossed her legs and started to jiggle on the spot as we joined the end of the line. Around 7 women were in front of us and they all looked uncomfortable. I started to notice that most of them were full-on potty dancing or holding themselves. I realized that the person in the stall must have been in there for quite a while when she waked out and blushed when she saw the line of annoyed women glaring at her. The lady at the front rushed into the stall.

Just as I thought the situation couldn't get any better, everyone could hear the lady letting her overfull bladder release into the toilet. My best friend groaned along with everyone else in the line. My need was still increasing and I was now at a 9/10. Me and my friend looked at each other and realised we weren't going to make it as we both looked just as desperate as each other. I contemplated trying the men's toilets but it still held the issue of who would pee first out of me and my friend as we both seemed to be 9's. I jammed my hand between my legs as the sound of pee hitting the water died off and the next in line went in.

Then i remembered some toilets that were just outside the mall but i didn't want to lose my spot in the line just in case those also had a line. My pee felt as if it was about to dribble out. I told my friend about the other toilets and we both agreed to try them. The walk over was agony. With every step, i was 1 step closer to losing it. I saw the open stall first and rushed into it as i was around 10 seconds away from an accident. My friend shouted my name as she listened to my pee hit the water. 'The other toilets are either out of order, taken or dirty!' I heard her groan as a pang of guilt/excitement washed over me.

She eventually managed to pee in the toilet shortly after i had gone in but i noticed that she had let out a little spirt. I teased her and then she said that if it ever happened again she would go in before me and see how i felt. We joked about if for a while after.

Sorry if it wasn't the best explanation but I've never written anything like this before. I will try to practice and post more.

