The time I peed myself Being lazy after I got sick :/

Author: MarginMaxis

*000*2018-07-07 04:10

I’ve kinda had this story on my mind for a while now but I’ve been to embarrassed to share it cause I’m a very shy person and I have very bad ainxiety but I’ve tried to muster up the courage to finally type this out for you all.

So for a bit of an idea on how I look I’m a brunette with messy long hair. I also have brown eyes and I’m sorta thin. I’m about 5’ 3” meaning I’m really small. Im also pale, and I’m like 126lbs. So that’s basically me.

So currently I go to a college and I live in a house with two of my closest friends I’ve known since middle school and their names are Ciara and Jasmine. Just for some quick background Ciara is the really quiet one in our sorta group I guess you could call it and Jasmine is the crazy one in our group (not joking she dragged me onto a drop tower ride and I almost peed myself on that but that could be a story for another time).

Anyway time for this story, it was late at night during fall break and I woke up at 11 in the middle of the night with about the worst stomach ache I’ve ever had in my life. I got up, hobbled to the bathroom and I’ll spare you the details of what happened but I will tell you it was not pretty.

*hurling sounds*

*me dying*

*more hurling sounds*

And about 15 min. Later I hobbled out of the bathroom to the couch, turned on some YouTube and layed there in pain until I passed out.

When I woke up I noticed someone had put blankets over me and made me some chicken noodle soup, with a note underneath that read...

”Hey heard you sick last night so we let you sleep, have these blankets and we made you some soup. We’re gone to get some more food and a special gift for you. Love you girl stay strong!

C and J “

And I swear I love them so much I wanna cry but anyway I looked at the soup and it was still warm meaning it was probably just made but I didn’t care, what ran across my mind after 2 seconds of contemplation was “Oh hey food!” And I proceeded to slurp down the delicious meal like I was a death row inmate headed to a hot date.(kinda dark if you think about it ) After eating the holy grail that was my noodles in a bowl I sat back and put more videos on. Just mostly videos from “TheRussianBadger” and “AnthonyPit1” cause I love this tactical fps game called rainbow six siege.

It took about 20-25 min. For my friends to get back and the gift they got me was a little $20 card so I could put it on my siege. (+50 friend points btw (‘v’)7 )

I told them thanks and asked them if they would get me a drink cause I was actually kinda dying for something. (And I’ll try to type out the conversation for ya)

Jasmine: sure what do ya want?

Me: uhhhhhh just a sprite.

(Amazing conversation I know)

She grabbed a sprite and gave it a little bendy straw just for me so I didn’t have to try for the day. (because I’m a very lazy person)

I drank my sprite and layed down for a while, and when I woke up I looked out the window and saw there was still daylight, looked into the kitchen at the microwave and noticed it read “5:22” I layed back down and kept watching videos when it started to hit me. I wasn’t very full at the time but it was about the point when you can ignore it but you know it’s there and it’s not going away unless you do something about it.

Now I could’ve just gotten up and walked to the bathroom I mean it’s not that far away but me being the stubborn tiny girl I am I thought maybe I would see how long I could hold it and when it really gets bad I’ll just go.

And that is where my biggest mistake was, because for the next 20 to 30 minuets I kinda shifted my legs around until I began to get really full. It began to feel like a tap was just constantly dripping into my tiny little bladder, slowly and growing in strength every so often. I put my hand into my purple pajama bottoms and whimpered. I thought that I would just try and go for another hour or less and then I could hurry in there no problem.

15 minuets passed and I felt my crotch dampen a bit, I began to panic a little bit and quickly threw my other hand into myself holding on for dear life. I shuffled and kicked my legs around in a fit until I had finally regained control of the situation, I noticed the damage immediately with a dark and damp patch on the front of my pajama bottoms and the lower part of my shirt was a bit wet aswell. I quickly realized it was about time to head for the toilet. I stood up a bit faster than I should’ve and shot another spurt into my shorts further dampening them and spreading the patch. I once again regained control and looked towards the bathroom only to notice the door shut. (I think you know where this is going)

I very steadily and slowly walked over to the door and knocked lightly. Jasmine on the other side called back “I’ll be out in about 5 minuets.” Just then I heard the water of the shower turn on and another wave of pain hit me, hard. I started to feel light headed and sorta dizzy as the pain grew worse and worse. I was a ticking time bomb and at any given second i was gonna explode and I knew it too. I began to pound on the door as hard as possible and began to yell as loud as possible. I started to get tunnel vision as a huge burst exploded down my pants and onto the floor leaving a noticeable pool at the base of my feet.

I began clawing at the door with one hand and holding myself with the other. I never wanted anything more in life than to sit on that toilet on the other side of the locked door and feel sweet relief. My daydream was interrupted by Ciara leaving her room to notice me dancing from leg to leg with my arms dug into my crotch. She immediately noticed the predicament I was in and like a damsel in distress I begged her for help. She walked over to me and put her hand on my shoulder which sent a shock down into my bladder releasing more of the contents onto the floor. The shower stopped and I heard the curtain to the shower slide across. I furiously banged on the door again trying anything that could get her attention.

Jasmine: Hold on hold on let me get a towel on real quick!

In an instant the door began to slowly open, as I bust through it knocking Jasmine onto the ground throwing her towel across the room and her to her butt. The very sight of the toilet was all it took for my nerves to crack and my bladder to begin bursting a tidal wave of tsunamis onto the tile floor of our bathroom. I began to cry uncontrollably right in front of the toilet releasing all of my warm urine onto the floor beneath me. The feeling of it trickling down the back and sides of my leg sent chills up and down my spine. It was the most relief I had felt in my life, I was in shock and bliss at the same time.

Then I turned around to notice both of my friends staring at me, my butt, and then the floor. I began to bawl my eyes out as they began comforting me with “it’s okay.” And “it happens to the best of us.” But it wasn’t exactly helping much. After a good 3-5 minuets of me using up all the tissues to blow my nose with I got a quick hot shower and hid under my blankets in my room for the rest of the night until I woke up the next morning to notice a note on my dresser that read “ I wanna make yesterday up to you so I’m gonna give you another secret gift I got you. It’s under the bed,go ahead and take a peek.

J “

She got me the wireless headset I had been talking so many cool things about and I being my dorky self did a victory dance cause it was so cool to get.

But at this point this story is still kinda embarrassing to me but I can kinda laugh about it so yea I hope you all enjoyed and I might put other stories here cause this was actually kinda fun.

Hope you guys enjoyed and I’ll write again soon

*002*2018-07-07 04:49

{{Just now, Brotaku said:

The embracing stories are always the hardest to admit, but it sounds like you have some amazing and caring friends, who understand the situation you wound up in.

}}

My exact thoughts

