Ex boyfriend with a small bladder (wet the bed)

Author: Missylyn

*000*2021-05-06 07:39

I once dated a guy who I will call V, when we were around the age 18-21 he was nice, tall, muscular but also slender, dark hair, pale olive skin, nice eyes. I’ve had this fetish for most of my life and after dating a while I began to notice he peed somewhat often for a guy. There would be times when it would seem out of the blue and somewhat urgent, where he would run to the bathroom immediately instead of putting it off or finishing what we were doing first. I found this amusing and cute. We moved in together maybe too early, but it was nice at the time.

One early morning I (half) woke up to V shaking my shoulder with a weird sheepish expression on his face, and he told me he had peed the bed. It took me a minute to understand what he said and I looked over to a wet patch larger than a grapefruit on his side of the bed. Half asleep I said “oh, that’s ok” I tried to be sweet and sympathetic but not over the top since that would probably embarrass him. (also trying to play it cool like I wasn’t insanely turned on lol) the front of his boxers were wet and so was the bottom of his shirt. I forget if I rolled to his side and let him sleep on my side or if I told him to put a towel down but either way he took a shower and I convinced him to come back to bed and hugged and kissed him, then we had some awesome sex.

Another time we had slept in separate rooms (I don’t sleep well sometimes) and in the morning after he left for work I noticed all the bedsheets were off. Knowing he had an accident in the past, this immediately made me curious so I felt the bed and it had a huge damp patch on it, so did the sheet. It was large enough that I’m pretty sure he emptied his whole bladder or most of it. Later that day or week he mentioned something about drinking less tea before bed, but didn’t outright say what happened. I really regret not sleeping together that night. Unfortunately thats the only accidents of his I got to see but that really put a spark in our sex life. Later on I confessed my fetish and he didn’t seem to mind.

Not exactly omo related but he would also climax quickly sometimes (after a few minutes) and it was impossible for him to hold it back once he reached a certain threshold. That was a huge turn on too. Involuntary orgasm is on the same level as pants peeing for me.

I have to admit I sometimes miss the sexual part of our relationship, it was off the charts. Such is life

