Bursting friend (old sighting)

Author: Neeeeeeeko

*000*2018-06-09 03:23

This sighting happened some years ago, I think we were both around the age of 14-15 when it happened.

Anyway, both me and a friend were really into acting, so we decided to hop on the special play our school was holding for only secondary school students (12-18 years old). The play was going to be perfirmed in a well known theatre in my home country, so about 8-12 weeks before the play, we would all go to the theatre and rehearse there, so as to accustom ourselves to the size, entrances, etc...

This theatre was about 40 minutes away from our school, so we all went together, in a bus. At first, all was good, I was chatting with one of my friends (for the sake of the story, let's assign a name to her, for example... Samara, dark-ish skinned, average height and straight black hair up to her shoulders) But about 30 minutes into the trip, I had noticed Samara seemed a bit distracted, I asked her if anything was wrong, and she replied she needed to go to the bathroom kinda bad. As I had not discovered my fetish yet (but was somehow "interested" in girls having to pee, oh sweet little innocent creature I was), I didn't think much of it at the time, and just told her "Hey, we are not that far away from the theatre"

However, lady luck was not on her side as 5 minutes later, traffic slowed down to a crawl due to 3/4 lanes being blocked due to a crash, it took us 25 minutes to navigate that 5-minute path to the theatre.

By this moment, we were already late, so right after we got there, we had to hop on stage and start rehearsing. However, another girl complained she needed the toilet, so the teacher said we would have a break in the middle. Meanwhile, we were still rehearsing, and I could see Samara getting more and more desperate, while on stage she hid it astonishingly well, but backstage she was a squirming mess, grabbing herself when seh thought no-one was looking, and bouncing around like she was on enough sugar to give a heart attack to a buffalo.

This particular play had around 25 scenes, and the teacher said the break would be on scene 14, so that gave the girl plenty of time to, ahem, "fill up". I remember vividly that by scene 6, Samara pulled me away and said "I am seriously going to piss myself" I said that I couldn't do anything, but still encouraged her to hold it in.

After a while, scene 13 rolled around and Samara was SERIOUSLY desperate, she was now openly holding herself with both hands in backstage, and fidgeted a bit while on stage, in that same scene, I exited, and she exited a bit after me, when she was out, she frantically told me that a little bit had just come out.

Finally, the teacher gave us the break and Samara just darted past me, both hands grabbing her crotch for dear life, I ran after her, and quicly caught up since she had to stop running so fast to not leak, she told me, on the verge of tears, that she was at her absolute limit, so I decided to be a good person for once and helped her down the stairs, she grabbed her crotch like she was trying to tear it off, while I held her across the back, and that way, we went down the staircase, into the changing rooms, which had 2 toilets on the entrance.

BUT! As we had reached the toilet, Samara's hopes were crushed as 4 girls already stood in a line, 3 of them just minding their business, and the one furthermost back fidgeting a lot. I asked Samara if she could hold it, to which she moved her head side to side frantically, and begged me to help.

Just then, I noticed something, the place we were in had a storage room behind it, which had a huge door which was constantly open for when trucks needed to deliver stuff, so if we were quick and stealthy, we could sneak around there and she could pee outside, in a private-ish place. I explained this to her, and she frantically nodded yes.

So out went our two adeventurers, I first checked to see if no-one was around, and then, when I confirmed it I signaled Samara to come with me, as she was crossing the doorway, she suddenly doubled over, pressed her hands against her crotch with the fury of a thousand stars and I saw 2 or 3 drops fall. She ducked behind a wall, signaled me to turn away, and peed, I could hear her sighs of relief from about 5m away, and her pent-up pshhhhhhhhhhhh hitting the concrete floor below. She must have peed for a solid minute, which is impressive considerin she has a quite small bladder. after she was done, she hugged me and thanked me for helping her, and we both went back upstairs to finish rehearsing.

At the moment, I didn't think much of it, but now, every time I remember it, I feel extremely aroused. When I confessed my fetish to her (we often talk very openly about our sexual lives, since neither of us considers the topic a "taboo") the first thing she said was "You must have enjoyed that time at the theatre then"

I really loved sharing this story with you, If I'm not lazy, I'll maybe even make it into a short comic!

