My Omorashi Awakening

Author: Ruckafan001

*000*2011-02-27 10:31

When I first arrived in Japan fresh out of school at 18, I knew omorashi existed, but had no idea that I was soon to be a follower. I had no time for sexual stuff then - life was all about studying for both my medical training and my karate 3rd Dan, which I was to be taking the next year. I had had a few GFs in the UK, but it always broke up after a few weeks, and was a virgin. However, I soon got very, very lucky...

I was living in a rented apartment in Tokyo, and in the apartment below me lived a very nice office girl of about the same age. She was very pretty, and I could tell she liked me. It was rather, to use the hackneyed expression, too good to be true. Little did I realise how good...

One night something happened that disturbed me deeply. I dreamt that she needed to use the bathroom but found it locked and wet herself. I woke up with a sizeable erection. I was utterly shocked. Did that mean I had a fetish? I dismissed it and went on with my life. However, as time went on, I had more and more dreams like this one, and I became quite worried. Was I turning into some kind of pervert? The answer was yes.

She was very shy, and I was too afraid of making a fool of myself, so it was a long time before she said anything. One night, she cane up to my apartment, looking inebriated, and said that she had forgotten her keys and wondered if she could stay here. I, obviously, let her in. She collapsed on a chair and grabbed her head, groaning. She had obviously had a LOT to drink, probably to get Dutch courage. She obviously was not going to do much, so I just sat down beside her and read my medical books.

Eventually, her hands began to migrate from her head to her crotch. I wondered if she needed the bathroom. After all, she probably would do. I asked her, and she said it was fine, and that she did not need to go at all. Then I did something that I still regret, and led me to the disgusting ways that I have followed until recently. On an impulse, I got my small video camera and started recording. She did not notice a thing, which is not surprising since she probably had blurry double vision. As time went by she started to squirm a little, and, worryingly, I became aroused a little, too. I asked if she needed the bathroom, but she said once again that everything was fine. She then asked what I was holding. I lied, telling her that she was just hallucinating, or at least not seeing very well. 

After about half an hour she stuck her hands up her skirt - she was still wearing office clothes (for her that means a shirt, jacket, skirt and tights with high heels) - and started to squirm quite a lot. I was absolutely certain that she was absolutely busting to go, and I told her that she really ought to go to the bathroom before she wet herself on my chair. She sat there for a while longer, then stood up with speed previously unknown, in my experience, to drunk girls. I think that her bladder had leaked a little. She waddled around for a while, then asked where the bathroom was. I was getting extremely aroused now, and was wondering if I could just get her to flood herself... I thought better of it, and, still guiltily filming, took her towards the bathroom.

Then it happened.

She was obviously repeatedly leaking, then she stopped in the corridor as she let out a big squirt that soaked her tights so I could see. She looked at me and said those not very romantic words, slurred by large amounts of alcohol (translated into English here):

"I can't hold it in. I'm going to wet myself..."

...and she did, spectacularly, on camera, as if it was staged, but I can promise you that it was not. Urine flowed down her legs, drenching her tights and the floor. Somehow, she had managed to keep her skirt dry, like she is always able to do. I just do not know how, but her skirt never gets wet. Ah, well, one cannot have the perfect omo fantasy in real life. Then, nowhere near as arousingly, she vomited over the kitchen floor (alcohol, as I am sure you know, can have emetic properties). She then spat out a string of curses I had no idea she knew, then put her head on my shoulder and started crying. With her usual sense of humour, she told me that that probably was not the best start to things. I replied that I could not have hoped for better, then stopped recording and put down the camera.

I was in a state of disbelief. I had actually succeeded in fiming a girl soil herself. Many a time I had tried, but they always made it...well, to be specific I had tried 8 times, twice in Japan and 6 times when out in the UK. I cleaned up the mess, she binned her underwear and then, in a flurry of passion, we had sex. However, it was not by any means a beautiful experience, more like 3 seconds of awkward, sweaty writhing followed by an extremely premature ejaculation (on penetration) and my GF banging her head on the wall. It was still enough to get her preganant, though - my condom broke. We had a shotgun wedding, then our children were born (they are twins) 9 months later.

This is true. After all, it is not the ideal omo fantasy, but pretty close.

*002*2011-02-28 16:49

I still have the vid somewhere, I just don't know where... anyway, the quality is not that great and, like all the videos I have taken, it shows the skyline, so you mind find out where I live. Besides, I do not feel particularly comfortable showcasing someone I know wetting herself...

Still, I might put it up someday. This is a BIG "if", though.

