Accident While Giving Blood

Author: BasementTzar

*000*2011-11-29 19:52

This is a true story of the only instance where I had a genuine accident. It happened my senior year of high school.

My high school at the time was holding a blood drive, which I volunteered for. I wasn't afraid of needles and it was a good way to get out of class for a bit. As I had gotten a chiding the last time I gave blood for forgetting to eat or drink anything, I wanted to make sure I was well-hydrated this time. I refilled my water bottle multiple times that morning, so of course I had to use the bathroom quite often. I was okay with my normal class schedule. It's easy enough for me to hold it while sitting down.

However, eventually time came for my appointment. I was excused from class, I went to the bathroom one last time, and headed to the auditorium. Once I got there, I had to wait about twenty minutes for my name to be called. After all I'd had to drink, this was plenty of time for my bladder to start filling up once again, although not yet to a worrisome extent. Once my name was called, I was ushered into a private booth where I had to answer questions on a computer screen. This took another fifteen minutes, and by the time I was done, it was hard for me to ignore my bladder. Although normally I'm not shy about admitting to needing to use the bathroom, for some reason I didn't want to say anything this time.

I was led over to one of those reclining chairs often used for patients who are giving blood, and they had me lay down completely flat. This was not a position conducive for holding pee, and I had to squeeze my thighs together tightly to keep everything inside. But slowly it became harder and harder to lie still as the pressure inside me continued to build. The donation didn't take long at all, only about another fifteen minutes, but after about ten minutes the first spurt of pee dampened my underwear. By luck, I was wearing black pants that day, so I knew it wasn't going to show up much, but it was still an embarrassing position for me to be in. The nurse who was helping me even noticed my squirming, and said, "Why so nervous? You've given blood before, right?" I said yes, and used the excuse that I'd had a lot of caffeine that day.

When it was finally over, I couldn't part my thighs without risking another spurt leaking out. The result was that I had to walk very awkwardly from the auditorium, and even then, I couldn't stop myself from leaking into my pants. By the time I was half-way across the auditorium, there were streaks on the back of my pants, and my face was burning red. By the time I made it to the bathroom, the wetness had crept part-way down my thighs. And even after all that, I still had a ton of pee left in me by the time I reached the bathroom. I yanked my pants down just in time to release a furious stream of pee into the toilet. Luckily, I had a sweater with me that I kept wrapped around my waist for the rest of the day.

*002*2011-12-01 04:36

No, and I'm very glad it wasn't mentioned.

