Bursting at an Anime Con

Author: trickling

*000*2017-12-28 06:11

Hi,

This is one of my favorite holding experiences ever, and it happened completely by accident! I've told this story before so you may have met it if you've encountered me in a chatroom, but I really wanted to write the whole thing down.

A few years back I was accompanying my friend Ava* to an anime convention nearby. She was a convention veteran but it was the first convention I'd been to, so I was wearing the first wig I'd ever bought, and my cosplay was mostly made of things I'd found at thrift shops or ordered online. I don't want to give away what character I was, but I will tell you I was wearing a black maxi skirt and a form-fitting black top. I was skinnier back then, but just as, er, well-endowed as I am now. Anyway, let me get to the story.

I wasn't used to how hectic the mornings before conventions were. Ava lived near the hotel where the convention was being held, so we stayed at her house the night before. We woke up way earlier than I'm used to, did our makeup in our bathroom, finished up styling our wigs, double-checked our bags to make sure we had everything and then took some pictures of our cosplays in her front yard before heading out the door. She was in a rush to get to this panel, I think it had some internet celebrity or something. Long story short, I completely forgot to use the bathroom at any point in the getting-ready process.

We got to the hotel where the convention was being held at about 11:30 a.m., and headed straight for the line to buy badges. To the dismay of both of us, it was ridiculously long. The badges were being given out in this huge room, but the line stretched even past that and into the hallway. I remember Ava complaining, "I knew we should've bought them online," and obviously since I was new to the whole scene I did not know that at all. Still, we got our places in line. It was when we'd been standing there for about twenty minutes that I remembered I'd forgotten to pee that morning, but at that point there were a ton of people waiting behind us, and I didn't want to lose my place, so I figured I could just hold it. Besides, the line was moving.

Finally, maybe about a half hour after we'd arrived, we got up to the actual room where the badges were being given out, and in which the line resembled a very long coiled snake. A security guard was positioned by the door, I guess to make sure nobody stole badges...? Ava was getting antsy because she worried she was going to miss her panel. I was getting antsy too, for a different reason: my bladder was starting to really fill up. I started subtly shifting my weight from foot to foot, and clenching my fists when I felt a wave of desperation coming on. I became grateful for the maxi skirt, as it provided a decent cover up while I jiggled my thighs together underneath it. I was probably about a 4 or 5. After about twenty more minutes in the unending line, I complained, "They better hurry it up, I gotta pee."

"At least it's moving," she said.

After about another half hour, the end of the line was still nowhere in sight. At this point I was really shifting my weight back and forth, pressing my legs desperately together under my skirt. I could feel sweat running down my thighs from the effort; at least I was pretty sure it was sweat. I'd say I was at a 6 around this time. A particularly powerful wave caught me off guard, and I felt my panties dampen before I was able to bend over to stem the flow. At this point I felt like I had no other option. "Ava, I really have to pee," I said, dejected; "I'm gonna go. I'll meet you after the panel." I was resigned to take my place at the back of the line, and headed out of the room when the security guard stopped me.

"I'm just going to the bathroom," I said. "I'll go to the end of the line after." But he wouldn't let me out of there without a badge. I've since wondered why exactly this policy was put in place, or maybe there was some miscommunication where he thought I was expecting him to hold my place. At any rate, he told me he couldn't let me out until I'd gotten my badge, and I went back to join Ava in line and explain the situation. She was sympathetic, and said she hoped the line would move along faster. In line, it was really hard staying still. I found myself pacing back and forth to try and pacify my bladder, and often pulled up the hem of my skirt in an attempt to dig my panties into me more tightly. It felt like a small victory every time we moved up a place in line, but the process for getting each person in front of us their badge was agonizingly slow, and we were still nowhere near the front. I began to worry that I'd actually have an accident.

By the time we'd been in line for about an hour and a half, I was thankful not only for the cut of the maxi skirt but for the color, because I had begun leaking. Little spurts escaped here and there and I could feel that the back of my black skirt was getting damp. "Oh my god, can they hurry it up?" I asked. Ava had already missed her panel; all she could do was agree vigorously. When a wave hit I bent over, clenched my legs together, and did everything I could not to think of waterfalls, or fountains, or babbling brooks... I wanted so badly just to grab my pussy and hold it tightly, but I couldn't, not with Ava and about a million other people right there. Still, I jiggled back and forth, basically pee dancing in line.

When we reached the front of the line we'd been there for nearly two hours, and I was about to fucking explode. I was hunched over and sweaty, my legs pressed together as tightly as they could go. At this point, although it embarrasses me now, I had my shoulder bag in front of my crotch, and when I felt a wave of desperation I just tried to "discreetly" press it in. Ava, bless her heart, pretended not to notice. 

I was definitely at a 9, and while I tried to be as pleasant as possible to the nice woman helping us with our badges, in my head I was thinking oh my god oh my god hurry it up please oh please I have to pee right now or I'm gonna piss myself right here. She tried to make small talk about where we were from and stuff, which was absolute torture because I had to just stand there with a pained smile on my face and nod along with her. I shuffled my thighs back and forth and hopped from foot to foot while she took care of all the paperwork. Finally, after two long hours, she handed us our badges.

I wanted to sprint to the bathroom, but I had to keep my legs tightly pressed together or it would all come streaming out. I waddled as quickly as I could past Ava, out of the room, and towards the bathrooms which were, thank God, right around the corner. The whole way there I was constantly pulling up my skirt to jam my panties into me, like I mentioned doing before. My mad dash quickly ended when I found a toilet stall and shut the door, jamming my hand into my panties and holding on for dear life. I was shaking, bracing myself on the stall door and grabbing my panties; there was no way I was going to be able to get them down without pissing on everything. Instead, I just lifted my skirt up with my free hand and sat on the toilet.

I had to go so bad, pee was flowing out before I could even take my hand away. In a few seconds my panties were soaked by the torrent of piss. It was the longest pee I'd ever taken. Piss streamed out of me, through my panties and into the toilet, and I leaned my head back in orgasmic relief as my desperate bladder finally emptied itself. I closed my eyes and let it all flow, sitting on the toilet for a full minute after I was done.

Afterward, I wadded up my panties in toilet paper and threw them in the sanitary trash can; they were too far gone to be saved. My legs had been wetted both my the underwear-wetting and the trickles of pee that had been escaping me in line all morning, so I had to wipe them down with toilet paper. I cleaned myself off very carefully before leaving the bathroom. After all...I would be navigating the convention without underwear for the entire rest of the day.

(And if anyone's interested, Ava and I had a really fun time. :) We didn't make it to the panel but we went to photoshoots and stuff and got plenty of fun goodies from the artist's alley!)

*not her real name, obv.

