Gym Trouble

Author: omorashibwp

*000*2019-06-12 19:07

When I used to go to the gym I made myself drink a lot of water in order to make sure I didn’t become dehydrated while I was there. This often lead to a few ‘close calls’ on my way home and very often I would just make it to the bathroom in time. This is a story about the time I didn’t quite make it in time.

It was a normal gym day, I got up, showered and did my morning routine. My normal gym look was a grey pair of thin, nike track pants and a green t-shirt. I set off on my way, gulping my water as I usually did while I was waiting for the bus into town as that was were the gym was. I usually finished my first bottle on the way to the gym and had one and a half while I was there, today was no different. I got there and I was already on my second bottle of water for the day. I set off into my normal gym routine, drinking more and more water until my workout was finished.

I usually spend an hour to two hours in the gym and today was no different and usually by the time I leave I have a feeling of needing to pee but I just wait until I get home and I usually make it without accident, like I stated in the beginning of this story.

I walked to my bus stop in town and it was unusually busy today so I needed to stand up and wait for my bus and this is when I really began to notice my need to pee, I would have said it was on a scale of 5 out of 10 so it was manageable. The bus was not due for another half hour though and it was another half hour ride home on the bus.

‘I can make it’ I said to myself, ‘I always do’.

I stood there for another 20 minutes and now my bladder was sending some pretty serious signals. I sat down on a space that had opened up at the bus stop and I had to occasionally shift my weight around in an effort to pause the desperation feelings I was getting from my bladder and it seemed to work, a little.

The bus was due now, where was it

‘Fuck, okay, I need a piss really badly now’ I thought as I shifted my weight to help with the desperate signals my bladder was sending me. At this point I was definitely at a 7 on the scale and with every minute of the bus being late it was only getting worse.

The bus turned up, 10 minutes late. As I stood up from the bus shelter I felt my bladder send even more desperate signals to me and as I stood in the long line waiting to get on the bus I had to act as if nothing was wrong, people cant see my desperate for a piss. I’m 21! Adults don’t get desperate in public! The line was slowly going down and as I got onto the bus and went upstairs to sit at the back of the bus I gave my crotch a hard squeeze. Finally, the ride home, I’m sat down so the desperation can be managed far better now.

The bus started pulling away and as it did my mind was just thinking about getting home to piss. My legs were swinging in and out as I tried to mask the desperation I was feeling. I am now at a level 8 and I may need to resort to grabbing my crotch any moment now as the leg fanning was not doing an awful lot.

20 minutes later and my need was dire, I was fanning my legs in and out constantly and I was now holding my crotch most of the time. Then something happened that made me stop acting desperate. Someone sat opposite me. Fuck. What do I do? I need to do something or I will piss myself on the bus and I’m still 10 minutes from my house! I put my hand in my track pants pocket and crossed my legs. My hand grabbing my dick from inside the pocket. The person sat opposite me luckily only stayed on the bus for two stops before getting off and as soon as they stood up I fanned my legs and grabbed my crotch as much as I could but all of it was in vain as I felt a spurt escape and soak into my underwear.

‘Fuck!’ I whispered under my breath.

My hand moved away from my crotch as I didn’t want the pee soaking into my track pants as they are light grey so any leaks would show almost Immediately if I held my crotch.

5 minutes passed and as I was fanning my legs, another spurt escaped and I forcefully closed my legs together trying to stop another. I had made a mistake, forcefully closing my legs together pushed the track pants into my underwear and the piss had soaked through onto my crotch.

My stop, I pressed the bell and as I stood up to go downstairs and stand by the bus doors to get off but I made a mistake, by standing by the bus doors until my stop I realised I had to stand still and not seem desperate. My bladder twitched as I stood there waiting for the bus to pull up to my stop and I felt a small dribble escape, then another as my bladder twitched and twitched. I put my hand in my pocket and grabbed my dick. The pee soaked through the pocket onto my fingers. The bus pulled up to my stop and I got off and began walking to my house. I took my hand out of my pocket but my dick was still dribbling more and more. 


I felt wet between my upper thigh near my crotch, I looked down at my track pants and they had a stain the size of a fist on the front of them, I put my hand in my underwear and placed my dick facing the left as I was walking. I felt more small dribbled escape as I was nearing my house and I looked down to see a small stain lead from my penis to my upper thigh. I reached into my pocket to get the keys and unlock the door, more and more dribbled escaped and the stain was growing larger. I unlocked the door, ran into the house and up the stairs as my dick dribbled more and more before I got to the toilet and pulled my leaking dick out of my soaked underwear and track pants and let a loud and forceful stream into the toilet. My track pants were soaked from the crotch down to the knee.

