Wednesday Nights Hold

Author: OmoFurry

*000*2018-09-14 16:42

So for anyone lurking in the live holding forum, you'll know that on Wednesday I did a hold.

This is what happened:

Im planning a hold for the very first time ^^ I'm  lready at a solid 5/10 but im gonna start drinking water  -6:51pm

I've been gradually sipping at my water, it's sparkling so it tends to make my need rise faster. I'm at about a 7/8, I feel like I'm on the edge about to pee, which is normal for me (I have a very small and  weak bladder) I might measure how much i can hold -7:37pm

Just  had a small leak, I was busy working on my school stuff and a little pee slipped out. I felt the warm wetness ushering around my legs and rolling down my foot as it sits under me between my butt. I'm not wearing panties because of how hard it  is to clean them without my mother catching me - 7:49pm

Suddenly  burst up to a 9, moving even slightly is causing me immense discomfort. I have to be careful, my sister could walk downstairs. I'm planning to go on  my kitchen floor. just peed a little omg - 7:58pm

I'm rocking back and forth on my foot. Its so slimy  from my pee and juices. I will move to the kitchen and  prepare to wet after  this episode of jeremy kyle finishes. Im at a 10 -8pm

After that I had to pause Jeremy Kyle and move to my kitchen about 5 minutes later. Since I've never intentionally held I wasn't sure what my limit would be or what it would feel like.

Whilst in the kitchen I couldn't help but nervously pace, I was becoming unbelievably desperate.

I had to be so careful in case my sister caught me.

At around 8:15pm it happened.

It started off with a few soft and slow dribbles and drips before I just couldn't hold on. The warmth hugged my pussy as the harsh dropping of pee hit the hard kitchen floor. Drip drop drop. Till eventually I had to sit down from my knees going weak.

Just as I sat down the barrier broke, I started peeing rapidly. It made a strange hissing, squelching and puddle noise as the hot pee spread across the floor surrounding my knees and my legs. My butt and panties were soaked beyond believed from the sheer amount I held. Hopefully I'll measure how much I can hold one day.

Afterwards I went outside and sat on the step to see what kind of mark it would leave.

Might wet outside some night.

I hope this was a good recollection. Ive lurked here for 4 years but only now posted.

$$

$$

$$

$$

*003*2018-09-15 06:22

{{8 hours ago, Enamour said:

Nice, I love the thought of the pee slipping out slowly and pattering against the tile. I'm a little confused though. You said you weren't wearing panties at the beginning cause they were hard to clean, but later you said they were soaked from the accident? Did you put some on in between?

}}

Yeah I did ;w; i got too scared it would make too much noise and alert my sister

*006*2018-09-15 14:12

{{5 hours ago, basss37 said:

Has your sister found out you did it?

}}

Noooope :')

{{4 hours ago, Gemgirl said:

Hope you had fun. You plan to do more holds?

}}

I hope to yes ^^

*008*2018-09-16 07:54

{{7 hours ago, Kauen-Stadt said:

What plan do you have if your sister catches you? (I always have an explanation if someone sees)

}}

I had a bottle of water on standby and i was prepared to put it on the ground and say that I spilt it

