Memories from a few years ago...

Author: Artist50

*000*2021-09-08 05:17

So this is a memory from a few years ago. To start off, I don't have any continence issues during the day. I have always struggled with infrequent bedwetting, but during the day, my bladder is usually rock solid. I never leak, and I'm never visibly desperate. That is, with a few exceptions.

So these 2 events happened around the same time and I've always wondered if they're correlated somehow. They just seemed so odd and unanticipated. Anyways, the first event was when my brother and I were playing in our backyard. Our yard backs up to a park, so we were out in a field playing tag with some neighborhood kids. I was about 14 at the time. At this point, I don't feel like I have to pee even a little. I can't feel a single drop in my bladder. Then our mom called us in for dinner, and my brother, our friends, and I all start walking towards our house, about 200 feet away. Well, during that walk, it was as if my bladder filled by magic. I went from literally not feeling anything to having a COMPLETELY full bladder by the time I was 100 feet from our house. I sped up my walking ahead of my brother and our friends and made a beeline for the door. 

About 50 feet from our back door, I started leaking small spurts into my panties with every step I took, which only made me walk faster, which only made me have to go more. By the time I made it to the bathroom, there was a considerable wet patch running down both of my shorts legs and I was mortified. Even though I liked wetting myself for fun, I hadn't planned or wanted this to happen at all and I hadn't had a daytime accident since I was a kid. Fortunately, though, none of my friends or family saw it and I was able to change my shorts without anyone noticing.

The second incident also happened with my brother and was about 2 weeks later. Black Ops 3 had just come out and we were playing split screen on our basement floor. I'm the middle of our match, I had to pee like crazy out of literally nowhere. Like, I didn't have to go at the start, and by the time we were 5 mins in, I was bursting. I was shaking my legs and must have been visible desperate. I knew if I left now, my brother would unpause the game and kill me, so I kept playing.

Over the next few minutes, for some reason I couldn't control it and spurted in my skirt multiple times, with 2 or 3 major long spurts. My brother, though, was focused on the game and didn't notice me slowly wetting myself, even though I would have left a puddle if the floor wasn't carpeted. After the game, which I lost, I ran to the bathroom, careful not to show the wet backside of my skirt to my brother, and changed into pajamas. I played it off as wanting to be more comfortable, but it wasn't that hard, as I don't believe he knew I had an accident.

These are the only 2 actual unplanned, unprovoked accidents I've had in recent memory. I've been trying to figure out why my otherwise spotless continence record was broken like this but I still have no idea. Any theories out there? Similar experiences?

