Holding and Wetting Panties

Author: MillieSmith

*000*2017-06-29 16:54

This is the first post I'm making on this site, so I'm kind of nervous, but also excited. Bear with me.

To clarify, I live in a house with a roommate; I'm a slim, athletic female with shoulder-length brown curly hair and blue eyes. This morning when I woke up at 5:30 AM, I was immediately assaulted by the urge to pee. I was probably at a 5/10 on the scale, and every morning when I wake up, I do a workout routine. Doing my workout worsened the urge considerably, and afterwards I was at a 7/10. Now, I've held before, but I've never wet myself because of a hold or intentionally. However, my roommate was going to leave for work at 11:30, and I had the day off. Besides, I was already at a seven, and I figured there wouldn't be a better time to do it. I got up to make myself breakfast (a smoothie) and drink a considerable amount of water (probably between 3 and 5 glasses). I knew that if I gave in and used the bathroom before my roommate left, I wouldn't have time to work up the urge again, so I had to hold it.

The day was fairly uneventful until 10:30 or so; I mostly sat in bed and studied or exercised, and drank lots of fluids, of course ;). My urge to pee had been mounting over all this time, though, and it was continuing to worsen. My bladder was contracting and aching, but even as it became more uncomfortable, I had work to do. It was my turn to wash the dishes, and I knew that the water running would torture me. I put on a thick pad, just in case I spurted, and I had been right: it was torture. The water running made the urge to pee so bad that I was afraid I wouldn't make it until my roommate left. As I finished up, I couldn't hold back the little spurt that came out, lasting for a second or two. I immediately closed my legs, holding myself in order to regain control. By the time that I'd finished and disposed of the pad, it was 11:15. At this point, it was practically unbearable.

I'd reached a solid 9/10 on the scale, and I was dancing in place. To occupy myself, I set about selecting the right panties for my fun. I picked out an old blue pair that was thin and silky. I didn't want to risk my roomie finding them before I put them in the wash, so I grabbed a shopping bag to put them in when I was done. Then, finally, finally, my roommate left, even a bit early. I immediately ran to the bathroom and hopped into the shower. I had to clench hard for a moment to avoid releasing a spurt before I had my panties on, but when I did, I steeled myself against the first-time nerves and let go. The release felt incredible, and my panties quickly flooded. They were so thin that by a few seconds in, there was a clearly visible stream coming out, and the crotch was dark and saturated with urine. Most of it ran down my right leg, or went straight down to the floor, but it all pooled the together in a sizable golden puddle on the shower floor.

I took a moment to enjoy the warm, wet feeling of my soaked underwear before removing them and putting them in the bag, before disposing of it and rinsing out the shower with soap.

It was an amazing experience, and I'll definitely do it again sometime. I hope that you all enjoyed it, as well.

