Friend desperate on motorway

Author: tighty whites

*000*2020-06-09 17:57

Hi all, this is a true story of a best mate of mine who found himself desperate to piss when we were on the motorway.

A bit of background. Up until then, I'd not been into desperation, but this incident sparked off the interest for me.

This was 1996; I was 22, my mate was 18 or 19. I should say, I'd fallen for him in a big way, but he never knew.

Typical dress for him was Adidas track suit bottoms, that's how I found out that he wore briefs and not boxers (the brieflines).

We'd been to visit mutual friends for the weekend and were on our return journey of about 150 miles. I must admit, I'd had a sneaky look in his suitcase, so by a process of elimination, I knew exactly what colour briefs he'd have been wearing. I also stole them from his laundry basket the next day, and I still have them!!

Anyway, back to the journey. For some reason, he decided to start drinking cans of lager. He was the sort of lad who didn't think things through, and he didn't drive, so maybe he didn't understand that you can't stop on a motorway.

After about half an hour, he asked me to pull over so he could have a piss. I said that we couldn't because we were on the motorway. He said he was desperate because of the three cans of Carling he'd just drunk.

I said he'd have to wait until the next services. As if by magic, we passed the sign that tells you how many miles until the next services.

It said 17 miles.....

*008*2020-06-17 08:55

Hi, apologies for the delay in finishing.

I'm a new member and wasn't sure how long my posts took to show.

So, we were just passing the Services 17 miles sign, and my friend was really desperate by now.

I was secretly excited by his reactions, which were:

- legs shaking

- knees together

- face screwed up

- grabbing his cock.

I could tell he was genuinely in a lot of discomfort.

I honestly worried that he was going to piss his pants in my car, but eventually we pulled into the services and he literally sprinted to the toilets!

As this is a true story, I can only describe what happened. It turned me on, and started my interest in holding.

What I liked even more is that I fancied him, and I knew what pants he was wearing at the time (if that makes sense)

