Super desperate after a bowl game

Author: Zeken

*000*2020-03-23 23:19

So i am in the college marching band for my university, and we travel with the football team in order to cheer them on, etc, normal band stuff.

This time we were at a bowl game, which is basically the most important game of the season. We left around 4:30 for the game and i peed before we left of course.

By the time we had got ready and drove there it was almost 6. There was a bathroom on the bus, and i thought about taking a safety pee, but decided against it especially since we were running late.

We get our things and do some pregame things, the game started at 7 and with all the hype i wasn't really paying mind to my bladder.

We wait till the game starts around 7:30 and i again decide against using the bathroom, partially because band uniforms if you don't know are kinda annoying to pee in, they're like overhauls with a jacket and you wear your normal clothes under, which even for a guy makes it hard. Or I'm just bad at it , plus a bit pee shy.

The game goes on, it's an intense game we're being loud as hell, i have to drink water ofc because playing an instrument and yelling dries my throat out. I drank my bottle of water for the half.

Halftime comes and i realize that i need to pee, but it's not too bad and while i debate it, i decide against going pee again.

I get my 2nd bottle of water and second half continues and i definitely am more conscious of needing to pee. Unfortunately, the game is also really close and I'm really involved in it and don't want to leave, and so i just suck it up.

The game goes on and it stays tense well till the end. We finally pull off the victory and because it's a bowl game, we all also get on the field together and they have some celebration and stuff.

I think the hype made me forget about needing to pee, and we were required to be on the field anyways. So we listened to some things and had to head back to the buses.

By this point i definitely NEEDED to pee. I convinced myself I'd go on the bus. A desire which was enforced when i sat down in my seat and my bladder hurt, i had never been so desperate that this was a problem.

I WAS going to go pee on the bus, but person after person kept taking the bathroom, and i didn't want to draw attention to myself by waiting infront it, eventually i just gave up and decided I'd have to hold it...

But man, i had no idea how far that was, and as my bladder was just begging to release i was debating back and forths if i should just suck it up and queue for the bathroom.

Eventually, we pulled into the hotel and i RUSHED to grab my things and get up to our room.

I took the stairs because the elevator was jam packed, and we were only on like the 4th floor.

I RUSHED up those stairs and arrived at our room to see one of my roommates was already there and yelled after him "HOLD THE DOOR I GOTTA PEE". Luckily he did so i didn't have to fetch my key.

I immediately put all of my things down, RIPPED off my uniform and RAN into the bathroom and...

My roommate was in there... Omg, i waited patiently but to be honest i was like 30 seconds from saying fuck it and peeing in the sink. I'm usually not one to do something like that, but it was like 11 already and had been like 7 hrs since i peed and i just needed to pee! Just as i was getting ready to unzip and say fuck it my roommate walks out the bathroom and i go in unzip and finally...

Omgg, i have not felt such relief in sooo long, it felt like i had died and come back again as i continued to loudly pee like a racehorse into the toilet.

This whole experience had me feeling a bit desperate for a different type of relief, so uh, i took the liberty of taking care of that too .

Hope someone enjoyed this, looking back i know i did, I've mostly been a lurker so this is my first story.

Thanks and later!

