My last crazy wetting story

Author: Loveomorashi11

*000*2021-11-16 08:33

So this is my first wetting story. Sorry if my grammar is bad. I am also on mobile so it won't be perfect.

So this story takes place back in July of this year. I am a male and I was hanging out with 2 of my female friends. We will call them daphne and bell.

Daphne: 5 foot 4 inches, DD, 135 pounds, blonde. Very nice round butt. Gorgeous. Best friend for 10 years.

Bell 5 foot 6 inches, C cup, 140 very curvy. Bigger butt than Daphne. Brunette. Gorgeous. Best friend for 6 years.

As for me 6 foot 0 inches. Strong build. 195 pounds. I would say decently good looking but nothing special. Started body building last year. Brunette.

We all decided to hangout on our day off. When they arrived to my house I had made the plan to play some games with them. As we were looking through my games Daphne saw Jenga and said we should play some dare Jenga. I agreed saying it would be fun and Bell laughed and eventually said sure. We started out the first game pretty simple. The rules started as.

1. When you pull Jenga block it'll have a number and depending on the number was the dare.

2. You have to do the dare.

After a couple rounds we got bored and I had an idea. I said "I know a way we can make this game more interesting" they both said "how" and I said "I have some adult diapers in my house from when my dad got injured and had to use them for awhile" they laughed and said "screw it" at this point my heart was going crazy. This would be my first experience with people. So we added more rules

3. If you topple the tower 3 times you end up in a diaper.

4. If you refuse to do a dare it counts as a tower topple.

5. 4 topples means you wear it to the store

6. 5 topples means you have to wet the diaper

To continue the story. We start playing and I am dominating the game. Daphne was the first to three topples. She argued for a second about the diaper but then decided to put it on. The diaper under her jeans was intoxicating. Soon after Bell had hit her 3 topples and she got up and changed. The brim of the diaper hung out of her shorts and she couldn't hide it. The next game bell ended up toppling the tower again and we went to our local Walmart and made her walk around for 15 minutes. The diaper basically in view for anyone looking at her butt. Daphne was upset at the trip since she too was still diapered but shrugged it off since she was still only in jeans and it wasn't really noticable unless you stared at her butt for too long. 

After the store they teamed up to take important blocks which quickly turned into my 3 topples. I got up changed into the diaper. Noticing I was incredibly hard and kinda shaky from wearing a diaper Infront of my two friends. After another game bell ended hitting the tower on accident knocking it over. Her face went white when she realized she now had to use the diaper.

After a couple minutes Bell said that she couldn't go so we brought her a couple of drinks. We continued playing and I had hit my 4th topple. All 3 of us were now walking threw Walmart with diapers on. We went home and played a couple more rounds until Daphne hit her 5th as well. She said "I guess it's good I already had to go" she then stood up and took a few moments to breath. Soon the faint sound of hissing was heard and Daphne's face went a little pink. What we didn't expect from these diapers is too leak though. A very small patch of dark began to spread across her jeans as she emptied her bladder. She didn't notice but Bell and I sure did and quickly told her it's leaking. She couldn't stop the flow and ended up just peeing the rest into her pants.

After seeing Daphne pee Bell decided that she might as well get it over with. Bell didn't want to get my carpet wet so she went into the bath tub and released the longest pee I have ever seen. She continued to pee for I swear 2 minutes. The diaper leaked but was caught in the tub. I was going crazy at this point. I had 2 girls with wet pants and diapers standing in front off me. We went back to playing Jenga. I was a ninja on this game. I couldn't lose. Eventually after so many rounds I did become pretty desperate for a pee but I was hoping to keep playing. After what felt like 20 rounds both Daphne and Bell decided that they were done playing. I declared myself the winner and teased them for having to wet their diapers.

This didn't sit well with them though. They both know that I am very ticklish. As they both got the smirk I retreated realizing what they plan on doing. I ran into the bathroom but not before Daphne tackled me to the ground and went straight for my armpits. Bell quickly came by and lifted my shirt and started tickling my sides. After already being helpless I couldn't hold it and I went in the diaper. It went so fast I could hardly realize I was going. I had both Daphne and bell sitting on top of me as I was going. I couldn't help but to go red. After this moment was done we changed into some other clothes. Bell and Daphne didn't have changes so I let them wear my shirts as we washed our clothes. After the clothes were dry Daphne and Bell got dressed and said goodbye. After closing the door to say goodbye I kid you not I was jumping around my house like the most amazing moment just happened.

We are still friends to this day but we don't really talk about what happened other than a joke or a tease every now and then. That was my story thank you guys for reading. I hope to post more stories in the future with better grammar.

