The Parade

Author: Dazz

*000*2021-08-06 10:07

I remember a good few years back now my local town was hosting a civic day parade and as a youth leader I had been asked to lend a hand and supervise one of the floats in that parade. The route only took about an hour to complete but sadly in this case that was long enough.

At the time I was about 19 and as mentioned above had been helping run a youth group in the local town, I thoroughly enjoyed it although after this event I had to stop. So that morning of the parade I was wearing some jeans and a t shirt, as I was getting dressed and observing myself in the mirror tucking my dick into my CK white boxer briefs, little did I know that the next time I saw them they would be soaked and my fairly thick bush would we visible through the white.

As we gathered in the car park getting ourselves ready to leave I had a bit of a twinge in my bladder, nothing overly serious but I thought I had best go and take a leak before we set off, as I was about to head to the toilet block in the car park one of the other leaders asked for my help with something which distracted me and before I knew it, it was time to set off.

It was a warm day so we had packed a lot of drinks on the float to keep everyone hydrated, I was the only youth leader on the float to which I was assigned which was challenging in itself. As we set off on the journey lasting a little over an hour I was pretty confident that my twinge in my bladder would last out. Just like the other 10 kids on the float I had been drinking a fair bit in the first 45 mins and was starting to feel uncomfortable. Not yet desperate but I could feel a sort of dead weight in my bladder and the twinge had started to become almost like an tickling feeling inside me as the truck we were on trundle its way along the route.

As we were nearing the end one of the boys came up to me and said he was really needing a pee and if it would be ok for him to pee in the corner on the float where no-one could see. I told him that I was desperate too and that I was sure he could wait, he told me he was about to wet himself and seeing him holding himself made me feel even more desperate but I allowed him to go.

As he peed in the corner I heard the splatter on piss hit the floor of the float while some of the other kids made fun of him. The splatter just heightened my desperation and that is the state I was now in, desperation. I couldn't believe it when that thought crossed my mind, I was there standing on a float with a load of kids making fun of another for just peeing in the corner, what would happen if I as an adult ended up wetting myself? It couldn't happen.

The last 10 mins of being on the float were torture and I did have to discreetly grab my soft, tortured dick from time to time. My inability to stand still started to become obvious and one of the kids pointed out that I needed a wee too when he saw me grab my crotch. I was ridiculously embarrassed.

Once the float arrived at the destination we pulled into another car park at the other end of the town which had a town hall next to it. I jumped off the float and as I hit the ground, sssssssss, I let out a spurt into my cks. I was bursting and then a second ssssssssss, I looked down and saw a very small wet spot, not even a patch, missible to everyone else but I knew what was happening. I made my way as quick as I could to the other youth leaders and told them I had to go for a pee to which they told me they would keep an eye on the kids I was in charge of as I looked really on the edge.

I made my way over to the town hall along the way I released a much bigger spurt from my soft uncut dick, I could almost see it nestled in amongst a crown of pubes twitching, trying desperately to stop the flood that was about the unleash.

As I got inside there were loads of people, we were nearly the last float to arrive, I knew where the toilets were and I raced down the hall but as I turned the corner I saw a line, as soon as I saw the line I swore under my breath, I really didn't know what to do, I joined the line, hand firmly on my dick, some people watching me, then I felt it, my hand started getting wetter and everything felt still as I heard a small hissing sound grow louder and louder as my legs grew warm, at 19 I actually started to sob a bit and when it was finished i just walked away, some sniggered, some laughed and others felt sorry for me.

I went out and told the other youth leaders I was gonna head home to which they said they understood, one gave me a lift home. Strange thing is that on the way back, which my dick seemingly exhausted, the wetness seemed to get me excited and when I got home I did have some fun with myself especially as I peeled off the boxers, looking in front of the mirror as I did that morning.

Hope you folks enjoy :)

*004*2021-08-07 08:33

Don’t be sorry for the embarrassment, if it brought some of you guys/ girls enjoyment then it was worth it :)

*006*2021-08-07 16:38

Thanks for the feedback, glad you enjoyed

*009*2021-08-07 21:15

This was my first as an 'adult' and once as a kid.

*011*2021-08-08 08:33

Well I have a few other stories on male desperation/ wetting posted on this forum if you liked that one

