Not liking Omo but casually wetting?

Author: sorefuna

*000*2022-05-15 21:26

So it happened a while ago but i wonder about your opinion.

So i have a cousin and she is 21 years old. I was on a holiday trip with her as we like each other really much. Actually i like only her in my family except my parents obviously.

We drove to a cabin in the woods that is owned by her parents. We wanted to relax a bit and have fun and go on a hike or just lay around in the sun.

On the second day we just wanted to relax a bit with music in the sun and maybe have a barbecue. We drank beer and let loose a little. We had fun and were singing as no one could hear us. After a few hours she told me "i have to pee!" She dont know about my fetish and i suggested to go inside to the toilet. "Maybe later" she said. She sang with me and danced around but sometimes held her crotch. Now that my Omo Radar was activated because of her need, i saw all that she made. As she was potty dancing but tried to hide it in dancing to the music and holding her crotch while moving somehow weird. But the next thing i really didnt expect as she was saying something like "fuck this" froze in place, smiled at me and started peeing her Hotpants. She peed so much. I was shocked and a little aroused too. She saw me staring at her pants and said "Oops sorry. But i dont want to go inside and its warm anyway. Later on it will be refreshing!"

She peed her freaking Hotpants in front of me. But not only this one time that day! She didnt use the Bathroom until we did go inside later in the evening. I needed to process how it could be and asked myself if it could be possible for her to love Omo. I would not believe it.

On the next day i asked her if she liked it sexually to pee herself as it was a little wierd that she just peed her pants all day. "No why? I like to do that on relaxing days if im alone. But why sexually? Its just relaxing sometimes!"

Now after that Story: Do you know someone like this who doesnt really know about Omorashi and dont like wetting sexually but casually wets sometimes? Or is someone in this community like this and just likes to wet without any sexual intend?

I ask this out of couriosity as i didnt know that this could be possible. I mean yeah doing things like this with people over the internet or at home without an sexual interest ok but wetting often by yourself without any sexual feelings?

*003*2022-05-16 00:41

{{12 minutes ago, TomatoNLettuce said:

When I wet myself in my swimsuit at the beach, it's purely out of convenience with no sexual intentions behind it (I imagine that's the case for most people though). Sometimes I wet myself for the sake of the warmth and relief instead of getting off to it. Besides that, I also occasionally read omorashi stories for the plot instead of the gratification. I'm probably not a good example because I'm asexual and my libido is pretty low, but it isn't entirely unheard of.

}}

I see... didnt think about it like this... so you think that most people do it without any sexual intention. Thats interesting. Tanks for your answer.

{{2 hours ago, WetterArgento said:

She really highlighted the hot part about hotpants doing that xd.

So Far I haven't encountered anyone like that

}}

Well guess im a lucky guy but as it was my cousin its wasnt completely... lets say... "hot"? xD doesnt matter i thought often enough about this scene... i remember it like it was yesterday xD

*005*2022-05-16 09:59

{{6 hours ago, GoldenG8 said:

I love the idea of this kind of casual wetting! How many other times did she pee her pants that day? Did she only pee when she got desperate, or did she let out little bits frequently? What positions did she pee in? Standing? Sitting? Legs open or closed? Did she announce it or make a show of it? Or would you just notice more pee dripping out of her pants, without her saying anything?

}}

The one thing i dont remember or honestly didnt count is the fact how often she peed. But it was quiet much as she has a small bladder and we were drinking alcohol. The first one was in desperation but after that she would just pee whenever she wants. The positions were different but mostly standing with legs open. She didnt make a scene out of it all the time. Or maybe i didnt notice it anymore because i was shocked about it very much if she started peeing But well she was going in her peeing positions a little obvious and this is why i noticed it

*008*2022-05-16 19:10

{{28 minutes ago, GoldenG8 said:

That sounds like the dream right there! I hope you get to experience a lot more of this, and perhaps we’ll be lucky enough for you to tell us about it!

}}

Thats something i promise you xD that experience i want to share with you guys :3

