First hold and wetting with chat

Author: Catboi Ray

*000*2022-01-31 21:01

So yesterday I did my first hold on the discord and it was such an experience! I wanted to actually participate a bit with the group so I thought I'd try and do a hold for once. It started in the morning when I woke up and thought cause I pretty much had a free day and my house mates where out so I got that naughty thought of actually trying to hold it for as long as I could. I didn't really need to go at that point and I just automatically went downstairs to get breakfast.

After that I had a couple of glasses of juice and then made a cup of coffee to sip on and went on my computer and checked the chatter on the discord . I'm still new to the group so I was just making my introductions and what not. I then tended to doing some house work doing laundry, ironing some work shirts and taking out the trash. After all this I went back to my computer and began to feel the urge to go to the toilet but it wasn't that bad. As I played a couple of games I kept on sub-conscientiously getting up to go but I kept having to remind myself to hold it for as long as possible.

An hour later this feeling began to get more intense as so I played a few rounds on some VR Games (Pistol Whip and Beatsaber) and I found that when I wasn't idling between tracks the feeling wasn't so bad as it was talking my mind of the fact that my bladder was beginning to get full. I thought that it would get bad due to the fact that I had to duck a lot during tracks.

After that when I was worn out I went back to chat to tell them how bad it was getting and proceeded to watch some YouTube videos and talk to chat. I was fidgeting a bit and turning in my chair back and forth because of the feeling of wanting to go. It was at this point that It was only a matter of time before I new I was gonna go as I was holding on with some intensity now and my legs were trembling. I took a few puffs of my vape and that did very little to get rid of the feeling inside my abdomen.

I was getting excited now cause I knew that sometime within the next hour or so I was gonna wet myself. I was standing up leaning of my computer crossing my legs and telling chat how bad I needed to go. They kept on spurring me on and telling me not to go but it was getting to the limit so I took off my joggers that I was wearing over the time so I was just left in my boxers cause I didn't want to create to much of a mess when the enviable happened.

I was now at the point that at any moment I would end up wetting myself. I was holding on with every ounce of energy I had and I was shaking and moving around now quite a lot and I was really feeling the pressure on my dick. I told chat that I was gonna go any minute and then I leaked a bit.

I then thought 'fuck it, its coming' so I just went to the shower and let go. The relief was amazing, I just let all the pent up piss leave my body and still shaking feel it soak my boxers and run down my legs, fortunately I managed to get my camera on my phone set up to catch the torrent of piss that was coming out. I was speechless on how good it felt not only to relief myself but to feel the warm wet pee go down my legs.

I put my phone aside and slipped my boxers off and proceeded to take a shower to clean myself off. Once I finished and dried I got my phone and checked out the footage of the wetting which. This was also the first time that I had taken a video of myself doing something like this so it was exciting of having something to share. I then told the chat that I had wet myself and how soaked my boxers got. I spent the rest of the day just chilling and chatting with the group and relished the feeling that my bladder was a lot more relaxed now (which was another pleasure in itself)

So there, my first hold with chat and first experience shared on this site. I felt like I could of soaked the boxers a bit more but I'll share the link to the video (cause its too big to be shared here)

%https://drive.google.com/file/d/1IxuTdApslw1y05ma2ddf4RroZjkgw_zW/view?usp=sharing

Peace.

