Extremley Desperate to Pee in a Mall

Author: Looking4Alaska

*000*2019-05-12 23:00

So I'm sorry I've been inactive for a while for college exams but now that they're over I'll be able to post a lot more! some of you guys requested more experiences so here you are!

So it was a nice Friday in March and it was my friend's birthday, so I was planning to head down to a little mall close to campus after school to see a movie with her and another friend. As I exited my last class, I felt a small twinge in my bladder. I hadn't pissed since this morning, and I'd dranken a large soda during lunch (it was around 3pm now). However, I thought "I can just go at the mall" and scurried to catch the bus to my destination.

When I got to the mall, my friend texted and said that they'd be there in around 10 minutes, so I decided to grab a frap at Starbucks. Mistake number one. However, since my bladder wasn't twinging anymore, I completely forgot about that as I slurped my drink and looked around in some stores. When my friend called to say that they were there, my bladder twinged again and I thought about going right now, but decided now to as not to annoy my friend (it was her birthday!). So I walked across the mall to the theatre, tossing away my starbucks as I went. When I got there, my friends were waiting. One of them handed me a large soda and popcorn that she had purchased, and I took is greedily. We went into the movie and it started. It was really quite funny. I slurped my soda, chomped my popcorn, and watched.

An hour into the movie, I felt my bladder give a small jolt. I knew I had to pee for real now, no more of the twinge stuff. My soda was gone already, which I instantly regretted. I decided not to go to the restroom, because the movie was just reaching its climax and I didn't want to miss it. There was around an hour of it left, however. As the minutes ticked by, I felt my urge grow steadily worse. I crossed my legs tightly and stuffed my hands into my crotch, but it didn't help. "You can hold it, you're in college!" I thought. I jiggled my legs slightly and almost moaned in delight. It helped a little, but soon my friend was nudging me and saying "stop kicking me!" I apologized and turned my eyes back to the movie.

Soon, I felt another huge wave of pee slam into my crotch and groaned. I could feel it pulsating inside me, forcing itself out of my crotch. The warm liquid sloshd around in me as I shifted, jamming my hands into my crotch even harder. It was agony now, and I was cursing at myself for not going before the movie. My bladder seemed to be filling up by the second now. I was gasping and writhing in my seat, forcing the pee not to leak out. My muscles contracted and pain shot through my abdomen, my poor muscles squeezing together painfully. Oh, it hurt so much! My swollen bladder sloshed inside me as we stood up when the movie was (finally) over.

My friends had to leave, so as soon as I bade them goodbye (with one hand grasping my crotch), I sprinted to find the restrooms, Sprinting just made it worse and a little bit of leakage slipped into my undies. Finally, I saw a sign up ahead that said "Ladies" and dashed towards it, flinging open the door.

When I entered it, I groaned. One of the stalls was out of order and the line was ten people long. I joined the line. Minutes later, I realized that I wouldn't make it. One of the two remainng stalls was occupied by a woman who, judging by the grunting and straining sounds emmiting from the stall, wouldn't be out for a while. The only working stall was moving slowly, and I knew I was going to pee myself by the time it was mine turn.

I exited the bathroom and rushed towards the west entrance parking lot, both hands jammed into my crotch as hard as possible. I was thinking that I could find a tree or bust to urinate in, because I didn't see any bathrooms around me. But as I ran, pee started leaking out of my vagina area into my panties. I shut my eyes, running as fast as I could, but running only made it worse. Beads of pee pushed themselves out of my crotch into my panties. Then the dam broke.

A golden waterfall erupted from my vagina. Hot, never-ending liquid was gushing out, soaking my panties, running down my legs. I almost moaned with relief, forgetting that I was in a mall! The pee ran down my things, my legs, into my socks. I could hear the sexy hissing noise of it in my leather pants. It felt so good, I almost sank onto the ground in relief. Everything ached, but I didn't care. Everything on my lower half was wet with pee, but the warm urine as still running down my legs like a never ending hosepipe. I think this is one of the best omorashi expierences I've ever had.

I ended up going to a nearby store, purchasing a pair of cheap shorts, changing into them, and going home. Ahhhh.....

*004*2019-05-19 01:39

TBH I think they might have notice but they either forgot (I mean it was one of their bday) or they were to polite to mention it. Thanks for reading!

{{On 5/13/2019 at 10:11 AM, ItsKayla said:

Nice experience. It is so relatable for me to get really desperate after a movie

}}

IKR?

{{On 5/12/2019 at 6:17 PM, h1234 said:

Great story, sorry you had to go back in the wet pants.

Hope to hear more stories in the future.

}}

Thank you!

*009*2019-05-30 23:19

{{On 5/22/2019 at 4:49 PM, Low-Key Friar said:

I probably couldn't think of a better omo pal than a bit shy but adventurous one like yourself. Thanks for pissing yourself and sharing your delight with us!

}}

Thank you!

*010*2019-06-02 20:07

{{On 5/30/2019 at 8:22 AM, Koryo said:

Why’d you bother changing shorts instead of staying wet?

}}

I would've loved to do that, but I was riding back to campus on the bus and stooped me didn't want to get the bus seat wet

*012*2019-06-29 19:44

{{On 6/8/2019 at 8:15 PM, Koryo said:

Makes sense. If only you were within walking distance or drove

}}

I wish lol

