Desperate walk home from the pub!

Author: DesperateGinge

*000*2016-03-13 00:37

Just a quick note before we start, I am not a good writer, and not a good story teller, but this was a great night and I wanted to share!

###

Last night I met up with some friends to celebrate a birthday. We went to the local pub and basically drank as much beer as we could and talked rubbish all night, as a good proper night out should be!

Now, a good few of you will know what it is that beer does to both your bladder, and your inhibitions. As the night got later and the beer glasses got emptier my bladder grew ever fuller. It was toward the end of the night when the pub's were closing that I started to feel the pressure and fulness of my now overworked bladder. But, being full of liquid courage, I decided I could hold it until I got home, and I was almost right too!

Unfortunately for me, one if my friends was very very drunk and could not be trusted to walk himself home, and he refused a taxi. He doesn't live too far from me so I figured I'd walk him home, then head to my house from there. It was only an extra 10 minutes, so I thought I'd be fine.

Shortly after dropping him off I was really starting to notice just how desperate I was, the winter air wasn't helping much either! I had to undo my belt to take same pressure off, and I had one hand in my pocket holding myself trying desperately not to pee.

I made it about another 5 minutes down the road, stopping every couple of steps so as to not flood my boxers. I had absolutely reached my limit and was starting to leak, my pants were very damp at this point and it felt amazing, but I didn't fancy the walk home in freezing cold wet trousers! So I unzipped my trousers, poked myself through the opening and just walked and peed. It was unbelievably erotic to me in that moment, the relief, the dampness of my pants and the fact that I'd left a trail behind me were all fantastic.

Once I eventually made it home it was time for a shower then bed, but not before taking care if another pressing matter first ;)

###

Here's a picture of where I had my little walk if anyone wants to see it. Its not majorly sexy, but it's a dam wiggly puddle!

%http://imgur.com/o7gTi2q

Thanks for reading, sorry about the way this is written, writing is not my strong suit, but I wanted to share!

*003*2016-03-13 00:59

Haha thanks! I'm proud of my alternative puddle!

*008*2016-03-15 00:05

{{ 

That sounds like it was a lot of fun! I'm more about the whole wetting side but you sound like you used the whole being a guy thing to your advantage! That puddle is fantastic I'm going to have to try that from under a skirt some time haha :P

Keep enjoying your self :D

}}

Sounds like a good idea to me! If you give it a go let us know how it goes! Haha

*010*2016-03-31 23:22

Haha! Well I suppose I could try and get it on film next time! ;)

