My most amazing omorashi experience ever

Author: EverythingGold

*000*2015-10-27 10:22

Hey! Just thought I'd share one of a few stories that happened to me 2 summers ago! Sorry it's so long again :|

So I had this girl over, I liked her alot, as she was absolutely gorgeous, but even though at this time, my bathroom was still under repair, honestly never thought there was even a chance of anything omo coming out of us hanging out that day, I was wrong.

Being a person who enjoys drinking during the summer, as there's no school :p I was happy to read her text as she asked if I would be into having a couple drinks if she brought some so of course I agreed.

She showed up, and we started off just talking for about half an hour just about school and the regular old stuff over a couple shots, and a few mixed drinks and after about 40 minutes she asked where she could go out for a smoke. I told her to just go out on my balcony and I decided I'd go with her to continue our conversation, she handed me a cigarette but I kindly declined "I don't smoke" I said, she gave me kind of a chuckle and said "Oh, alright!" and we continued to talk.

Now me being heavily into omorashi, I tend to pick up on even the slightest signs of desperation. It's a blessing and a curse because most of the time it ends with them going to the bathroom (lame), but as we stood on the patio talking, I began to sense some mild desperation, mostly just her crossing her legs a little bit of a bounce here and there and I told myself "Better keep an eye on her, and enjoy any kind of desperation I can while it lasts" and with that, she finished her cigarette and we went back inside. We had a couple more shots and made another set of mixed drinks before she asked "Well, what do you wanna do?" I said it was up to her she asked if I had any video games, "Of course I do!" I said, and directed her to my room. "Xbox or PC? What kind of game do you want to play?" I asked. "Something scary!" she said and with that, I knew just what to do, and booted up Slender: The 8 Pages (A pretty scary game with lots of jumpscares) on my laptop.

"YES!" she said, excitedly jumping onto my bed where my laptop was, I told her she should put headphones on so that she gets the whole scary effect of the game and she agreed. So the beginning of the game is pretty slow and more creepy than scary and as she was playing, I started to notice a bit more desperation, she was laying on her stomach and moving her legs around quite a bit more than usual and I was enjoying every second of it as she continued to play her game.

Eventually, about 25 min later her game ended with a sudden jumpscare of slenderman and she practically threw my headphones across the room. We laughed and she said "Now it's your turn" I readily began to boot up the game for a second time when she asked me, "Hey, where is your bathroom?" with a cute little shy smile. Now I knew my bathroom was under repair for renovations, so I assumed she would end up wanting me to walk her somewhere down the street to go (which I really didn't want to leave in the state I was in), but I couldn't lie to her so I told her that my bathroom was being renovated and that she couldn't go.

Surprisingly, she didn't really react the way I thought she would, she just said "Oh, okay well, back to slender!"

"Oh my gosh" I thought to myself, "She seemed pretty desperate, I can't believe she just blew it off like that" but none the less continued to start the game, keeping my eye on the desperation which, only seemed to be getting worse.. My game lasted about 30 minutes, I found all 8 pages and beat the game and by now, she was sitting up shaking the entire bed with her hands on her bladder likely trying to remedy the signals it was giving her, but she surprisingly didn't mention a thing.

"Hey, we should watch a movie!" she said excitedly and I told her sure, but she had to pick, we laughed and she agreed, at this point I was getting kind of anxious "Is there really a possibility of her peeing herself?" I asked myself multiple times denying the notion everytime, "No no, that will never happen stop giving yourself false hope."

We put on a movie (I don't remember what), but as we layed on my bed eventually we moved closer to each other to the point of cuddling, and in that moment, I was pretty happy! Then I remembered that she still had to pee! "This is amazing! I'm cuddling somebody who has to pee" I thought to myself finding a new turn on :p as I continued to enjoy the moment. After about an hour of very mild desperation such as moving her legs around a little bit, it suddenly changed dramatically, she started jittering and readjusting her legs every couple of seconds and shaking the entire bed. Knowing that she was beginning to lose her battle with her bladder, I decided to play dumb as if not to seem weird.

"My goodness, calm down!" I said in a joking manner and she turned around and said "What?" with a smile trying to hide her desperation. "You're moving around like crazy, what's happening? I said laughing. "Nothing!" She said, "I just really really have to pee now.." I did my best to not seem excited and said "Oh right.. Well, do you wanna walk down the street and go somewhere?" I asked. "No! I don't want to walk down the street drunk!" She said and with that, I decided to make a bold decision.

An ex girlfriend of mine left a pair of her leggings at my house months before that, and they were still folded up in my closet. (I kept them, as she was supposed to come get them but never did). "You know, my ex left a pair of her pants here.. If it gets to where you really can't hold it anymore you could just put those on and pee.." I said jokingly as if not to seem weird. "Are you serious? Because I totally will, I have to pee so bad!" She said. I couldn't believe it.. Did she actually just agree to pee her pants? Is this happening? "That'd be hilarious! Do it!" I said laughing and she sprung up to find them.

Eventually she found them and put them on right over the booty shorts she was wearing. "Where should I do it?" she asked. "I don't know, hold it for a minute while I figure that out." I said and she playfully growled and me. There she stood, my biggest crush standing in my doorway literally desperate to pee and waiting for me to give the okay.. Her once mild desperation had turned to a full dance of jumping up and down and jittering about with slight moans under her breath. I tried to delay it so long that I forgot to actually think of a place she could go and she peeped in. "Could I just stand on one of those towels?" She said pointing to a pile of towels on the hamper in my hallway. "Yea that will work! Just do it in the livingroom where there's no carpet!" and with that she took off down the hallway and I followed quickly behind.''

She put the towel down, stood on it, crossed her legs, and let out an audible yet silent sigh as the pee flowed out of her for about a minute and a half, the completely saturated towel was no longer doing it's job, as the urine was now forming a decent sized puddle around the towel and she started blushing. "I can't believe I just did that." She said laughing, "I know right! this must literally be the definition of "piss drunk" what is wrong with us?!" I said as we both died of laugher.

Without even thinking I began to say something. "Can I be honest?" I said. "Yea, what?" she said still kind of laughing. "That was almost kind of hot.." I could tell I was starting to blush, "Why would you say that??" I thought to myself "Thats it, now I look like the creepiest weirdo ever! Shes not even gonna talk to me again!"

"Really?;)" She said suddenly seductively as she came close to me putting her arms around my waist. "Maybe" I said in the same tone and we began to kiss.

There I was, making out with my dream girl wearing completely soaked pants in the middle of my livingroom. Never in a million years would I have dreamed this would happen. We stood there kissing for about 3 minutes straight before I began getting more towels to mend the flood damage. After everything was clean and dry, she asked "So what should I do with these pants?" she said laughing. "Why don't you just leave them on until they dry!" I said. "I don't care if you lay on my bed, I'm changing the sheets later anyways!" at this point I was more open to asking her this as she already was okay with peeing herself in the first place. "Okay! Lets finish the movie!" and with that we layed back down, cuddling (and much more) to the movie that had been playing the entire time.

That's pretty much it everyone! Sorry for the length of the story, but everything above is 100% non-fiction, it all really happened and I'll never forget that experience! I have a couple more stories from the summer my bathroom got renovated so if you guys would be interested in hearing them, let me know!

(P.S. I later found out from this girl about 3 months after this, (and maybe a few other "accidents") that during the story above, she guessed early on that day that I was into omorashi. She had heard of it and wasn't particularly into it herself, but had no problem in doing it so that's why she did it.)

Thanks again everyone! Feel free to message me anytime as I'd love to start talking to people who also like omorashi! (I just can't compose messages myself, I can only respond) :p

*003*2015-10-28 22:52

{{: 

Wow, that's a great story! You are so lucky.

How come she guessed you are into omorashi?

}}

I'm not sure! She just said she guessed when I suggested my ex's pants :p

*005*2015-10-29 02:06

{{: 

Wow... just wow!! Man, are you a lucky guy! That has to be one of the best things that can happen to an honest omorashi fetishist, in my opinion. Glad you shared!

}}

Right? Couldn't have been more happy with the turn out :D

*007*2015-10-30 06:37

{{: 

Very lucky experience, thanks for sharing!

}}

Stay posted! I have many more to come :D

