Peed outside at work (unplanned)

Author: Eevee

*000*2015-12-21 15:27

Background:

I didn't think I'd have an actual story to post on here. Usually, I don't do enough stuff that I think most people would consider interesting omorashi-wise, doing mostly the controlled in-the-bathroom type, but I had a slight incident at work I was thinking to share, and as long I actually describe things properly (though I might ramble on too much), I can probably keep it interesting enough...

Fair warning to those looking for "typical" male or female omorashi, I'm kind of between genders as of right now, in that even though for all intents and purposes, I look like a guy, I'm still technically pre-op (being female-to-male transgender, and legally still being female), so I still have female-ish anatomy in that area because I haven't gotten the surgery necessary to pee standing up without some kind of device yet. I do own a device like that, but on the day in question, I left it at home (I was playing with it in the bathroom, and didn't bother to bring it, but I might not have used it anyway). In case you're wondering, I prefer male pronouns.

For a little background about my work, I work as a security guard during the night, guarding a gate as people come in. Since I'm not a fan of public restrooms (socially, legally, sanitation-wise, and time-wise), or leaving the other guard to do all the work, I generally only take one bathroom break during an 8 hour shift. I had taken up an extra project at work that involves going into a small, secluded wooded area of the property, and because it gets my hands dirty, I like to do that first before heading over to the bathroom. Since it's pretty well hidden, especially at night, I had been fantasizing about peeing outside there, but held off to ponder the best method for getting away with it first. There were a lot of things to take into account if I didn't want to make a mess or drawn attention to myself. Up until that point, I had also never peed outside before, so I was taking my time to make sure I do it right.

How it happened:

About halfway through the shift, I decided to take my usual break, already having felt the urge to pee for a while, but I figured I'd have time as usual. I started walking over to the wooded area, and ever since I stood up, the urge seemed to get stronger and stronger, but I wanted to finish what I was doing first. Even as I was heading over to the wooded area in the opposite direction of the bathrooms, I was starting to get the feeling there was going to be a good chance that walking away from the bathrooms may eliminate my ability to get to them in time. Undeterred by the idea, I made it to the wooded area, and got started working.

I didn't get very far with the project before it became nearly impossible to safely take my hand away from my groin. With it being hard to work one-handed, I just stood there for a while, not really able to make any progress, and wondering if I should just drop everything to walk over to the bathroom and come back afterwards, but I was starting to get the feeling I wouldn't even be able to do that. Especially if there was a chance something unexpected could come up while walking over there. That happened once.

I started toying with the possibility of just squatting down and doing it right then. I slowly went deeper into the trees where it was more hidden, then just stood there holding myself, trying to determine how hard it would be for someone to see me. Even if there were no people, the building nearby has cameras on the outside of it, and I have no idea how many there are. From my position, the risk of being caught seemed low, but not entirely non-existent. I was still trying to decide if I wanted to risk being seen with my pants down (though I'd keep my underwear on, if I could) when the risk of wetting myself was starting to get pretty high even if I walked straight to the bathroom. If I wet my pants on the way there, I'd not only be cold and wet, but I'd also lose the ability to sit in a chair for the rest of the night (no one would want to sit in it after I did that). Then I'd probably end up being mocked the entire time I work there.

Deciding that I probably wasn't going to make it to the bathroom completely dry, and I didn't want to waste time walking all the way back to finish what I originally went there for, I leaned more and more towards just doing it outside, even when I decided against it on other days. Mostly it was that those other times, I didn't have to go that badly, so it would've just been for fun, not actual relief or keeping my pants dry. I came to the decision slowly, but finally decided that I was going to go through with it this time.

With my hands shaking from the adrenaline rush of finally deciding that I was seriously going to go through with peeing outside for the first time (I loved the novelty of it) combined with the now extreme effort of keeping my urethra sealed shut, I slowly started to pull my pants down just enough so I wouldn't hit them with my urine stream, still keeping my underwear on like I planned, and one hand still firmly clutched over my groin. After double-checking all directions to make sure the coast was clear, I squatted down, and pulled my underwear off to the side. Straining hard to keep the flow back, I double-checked that my underwear, pants, and feet were all fully out of the way. If I missed, I'd be stuck wearing wet clothes. I didn't have anything else to change into. No pants, no socks, no shoes, nothing.

Mentally preparing myself for the possibility of the resulting urine stream to make a lot of noise when it hits the ground (with the naive hope that I could stop if it got too loud, or if something else unexpected came up), I tentatively gave it the signal to let go, though it was probably about to anyway. I felt my urethra relax, and felt warm urine starting to flow through it, with my bladder slowly shrinking as it all flowed out onto the ground. There was actually so little noise, I was starting to worry it was hitting some clothing or something, but the ground was just that soft from all the rain. After a while, the flow started dying down, slowed to a trickle, then finally stopped. I wiped up with some paper I had on hand (I brought it with me and disposed of it properly), pulled my pants back up, then after using a disinfecting wipe, went back to finish the project.

Since the whole thing was unplanned, and I barely heard or saw evidence that I had even done anything, I was still kind of in shock that I actually pulled off such a thing, feeling more like I could have just imagined the whole thing, or maybe even that I was dreaming. It mostly just got more and more exciting when I think about it in hindsight. As far as I can tell, I completely got away with it.

