A Warm and Wet Delivery

Author: Nikkiswetsecret

*000*2012-10-17 01:50

The first time I had sex, actual sex, it had to be anal. I know, you are currently asking yourself, what in the world could this have to do with pee play?! Well, it gives you a context - where I was and where I am now. I was raised in a very conservative home and the idea of me having real sex with a person I was not married to was such a big no-no that I said, ‘Hey, lets do it the other way!’ so that I felt better about going against my upbringing.

Right then, I should have known. Not only do I love sex, but I love deviating from “social expectations” of sex.

A few years later, the same man - aka my husband - had the guts to inform me of a fetish of his: girls wetting their pants. I really truly have no idea as to how he found the guts to do so, for I am sure my reaction was not what he was hoping for. I really don’t remember my reaction, but I do know there was a lot of ‘sure I will try peeing my panty’s or pants,’ but there was also, ‘there is no way I would ever try x,y, and z - thats too weird!’

Guess the joke was on me...because once I actually started playing around with peeing my pants, over time, I have gotten so into it that ‘x, y, and z’ are now desperation activities that I look forward to and enjoy! Who wouldn’t want to have sex on wet sheets right after I wet the bed in the middle of the night?!

But, that is not the story I am here to tell, this time. This story involves me and one of my many adventures with peeing my panties.

There have been many of times where while walking my dog I have peed my panties or pants. Sure I might get caught, but that is part of the excitement of it all! Well, this one evening I had wanted to pee my pants as I walked the dog but it was pouring outside. Life just isn’t fair sometimes! I had been drinking water and holding it for hours and hours and now that I was ready to burst - my plans had been shot down.

But then, I realized hey - I don’t have to go walking in order to pee my pants. Sure, I could do it inside the house but sometimes I like the rush of the possibility of getting caught. So, instead I decided to go check my mail in front of the house. Living in suburbia, that means my house is surrounded by other houses and checking the mail is in plain sight of all of them.

So, I casually opened the garage door and looked out into the street. The rain pouring down around me was not helping with my increasingly full bladder. This is where it got tough. I like the rush I get peeing in public but I have been caught before and I am not a fan of being embarrassed! So, I was checking to make sure that there was nobody in plain sight - which there wasn’t.

With the coast clear I casually walked down the driveway to the mailbox, with my tight blue jeans starting to catch the rain. My pussy was wet with excitement, the anticipation, that I was finally going to feel that warm trickle flowing down my legs. I had intended to wait until I got to the mailbox to start peeing my pants but with my bladder knowing that it was almost ‘go’ time it made the choice for me.

I could feel it pooling in my panties, like my pussy was taking its own private warm bath. But as I got to the mailbox I could feel it spilling out of my panties and down my legs as it slowly spread through the jean material. Normally, I just grab the mail and return but I wanted the rush of possibly getting caught...so I stood there at the mailbox looking through the mail, envelope by envelope, as my jeans continued to soak and soak.

It’s a good thing I stood there for so long, because there was a lot to come out! A car passed by. Did they see? Who knows. But if they did, I like to think it is being driven by a guy who has a pee play fetish and he just got the show of his life...

Once I could no longer justify standing at the mailbox I decided to return to the safety of my home. My legs were completely drenched down the middle and sides, I could not believe how much had come out. But that is what happens when you have been holding it for hours. As I walked back towards the garage my shoes squeaked, too. Sure it was raining but I wasn’t standing in a puddle of water and the base of the driveway, so that meant that I had soaked my white socks and shoes with pee. The thought just made the whole experience seem even naughtier!

Once I got back to the garage and close to safety, I decided to take a couple of pictures with suburbia in the background - to show that I had had the guts to do some pee play in public. When I saw the pictures on my phone I was completely surprised by how hot my curvy legs looked in the glistening jeans - God, wetting yourself is just so naughty and sexy at the same time! Where was my husband to yank my soaking pants and panties down so he could pound my brains out for peeing myself, in public mind you! I could totally ruin his image in the neighborhood if I got caught...

Being in front of the garage, I still had that off chance of getting caught. The guy across the street frequently sits out front of his house...he could have walked out at any moment and seen me straight across the road taking a picture of my ‘wet delivery.’ No worries. I am sure he is a closet wetting fan, too. He would have enjoyed the show as much as I enjoyed giving it.

*007*2012-10-18 01:00

{{ 

A great story. Wish I could have been there when you walked in the house ;)

}}

Lol....thanks for the offer but not so sure my hubby would be welcoming you back into our house ;)

{{ 

Thank you for sharing, the photos are great. And On an unrelated note, the first few times I tried having sex I tried anal (unsuccessfully but thats a long story). Got any tips for those of us girls who still really haven't gone all the way that way but are interested in trying

}}

Girl, I have actually gotten this question from some of my friends! They know I love anal sex, although they do not know about the whole wetting thing...not sure they ever will, but I have given a few tips that have helped them. I don't pretend to be the all knowing goddess of anal, but, certain things make it easier. For example, having a hot bath before just relaxes everything so it stretches easily. Or, using anal beads or a mid-sized butt plug that you or your partner just push in gradually. Sometimes my man does it too quick so I just take control of it and then when I am ready for some cock in there I take it out. Or, if no toys, sometimes one finger, then two, then three gradually opens it up too. Also, doing it on your back with your knees in the air has always been the more comfortable position to me.

Either way, it is absolutely orgasmic! You NEED to figure it out! Even when I am playing with myself, often after peeing my panties lol, I stick a finger in there because the sensation is awesome!

Hope this helps....

{{ 

OMG! You got guts! And a very nice butt! Great story, great pics!

How many years of wetting does it take to get to the point of being able to take such a wet risk?

Looking forward to more of your stories and pics.

Thankyou!

}}

Well, I have been doing it for about 2 and a half years and only started doing it in public over the last year. I started off slow, like doing it a block from the house and now I have been several blocks from the house when I do it. Like I said, I have been caught and I did NOT enjoy that! But, all of the other times I am pretty sure I have gotten away with it unless someone in their house or a car driving by noticed...but hey I don't know they notice so I don't care then!

