Recalling High School

Author: EmmyMurder

*000*2015-03-30 23:23

Hey guys, it feels like I haven't really contributed anything here recently (losing interest, sadly) but thought that I should at least tell this past experience that I've had while in school. I don't know if my storytelling or memory is that good, so this might sound more like a pointless story than something that relates to omorashi, sorry for that.

It was one day when I was still attending high school, in a pretty small district and town although it wasn't a private school at all. I remember all the new friends I've made there after moving from the city, and it remains a very important place in the back of my head.... Sadly, it's been taken down now, only construction work and rubble when I drove by. The property was set for demolition due to a limited bond for the city and it was one of the places that was voted for from what I've heard, so all I have today are these fading memories of my not too distant childhood.

But lets skip that boring stuff, I'll talk about one time when the school's restrooms went out of order. So the building's located in one of the most neglected areas of the town due to limited budgets the town had to decide on where to focus upon, I suppose. This area got pretty bad after a while, with problems ranging from public clean-up to access to electricity. Sadly enough this was also tied along with the town's increasing crime rate, mostly because the lack of any police force to keep things under control. It wasn't that bad of a place, it's that people there didn't want to be there so they neglected to do their own jobs sometimes. I won't talk too much about that, but such things have a big effect on the only school in the area..... And once in the middle of the day, the school's sewage system went out of work.

It seemed to have malfunctioned due to bad upkeep of it, the workers there couldn't even figure out what happened until the city itself contacted us about it. I don't know anything about how a sewage works, but as a precaution of it the students were not allowed to use any of the facilities there during the last half of the school. Some were lucky to have went before the whole thing stopped working, and I personally wasn't one of the lucky ones.

First off, morning time. I woke up from another dream I could barely recall, something about robots and fishes, about how I ate them all, and then graduated from high school. At this point in life, it felt like I'd have a better chance at being able to eat robots than the latter. For the first time in a while, I woke up really desperate to pee. Must've laid on the bed all day thinking to myself and fell asleep before my usual bed time, otherwise I wouldn't ever be this awake. I got up, squirming as I brushed my teeth (I'm not the only one that brushes their teeth before everything else, right?), and entered the living room to a note left by my mom (us two were the only ones living in the household).

"Food is in the microwave, reheat it and good luck in school."

Strange, she usually doesn't leave notes like that nor leave this early. Must've been an early shift.

I get on the bus. It arrives a little later than expected, but the announcements got us covered to go to class without being counted late. Like usual, the classes I took went by in a blur. Meanwhile someone somewhere at some point in time decided to either make the day more interesting or to screw it up for everyone by putting all of the school bathrooms out of order.

The announcement came on during the last few minutes of lunchtime, when most of the students would visit the restrooms together before or after eating (depending on the size of the food line). A few went and asked their friends in line to save him/her a spot, it was kinda just how it went since forever. As for me not having too much friends at that time I usually just save myself a spot by not visiting the bathrooms (I keep a sanitizer so I won't have to spend time washing my hands). I had to go extra bad that day so I thought about going, but I was also quite hungry so I dismissed that thought.

Ah, food. The one thing that could bring me joy no matter what situation I'm in, whether if I was cramming extra hours into the next calculus test, or if I broke an ankle riding my bike in the park and had to walk it off back to my car and into some restaurant drive-thru, nothing gets me more joyful than a plate of....... Oh.

Cold chicken fried steak, stale piece of bread, canned green beans, some extra ketchup on the side, all piled onto a plastic reusable lunch tray that comes with a package of plastic silverware and some cardboard textured napkins. Yum.

Right after finishing my food I headed straight to the bathroom, only to cut the corner and find a group of people in a pretty loud argument, a few caution signs outside the rooms, and the principle himself standing in front of me. Then the announcement came on.

"Attention, students and staff...."

The rest just hit me really hard. We can't use the restroom for the rest of the day? Not even the teachers? What if someone has an....

Some of my friends came over from behind me and we started to discuss about it and how badly we each had to go. I used to carry around a pretty giant water bottle (or what you'd call now a JUG) that I fill up at home so I don't have to bare the taste of phosphate flavored school fountain water. After a while of doing that I just got used to drinking it all and expelling 3/4 of it out after lunch and the rest while I come home. This time was a bit different...

The staff didn't even allow me to use the mirror to make sure I looked beautiful. By now I realized how serious this was, as my next class starts in 2 minutes. Do I just have to hold it the entire day? How much others are really affected by this?

So after having a conversation with the principle along with a crowd of pretty miserable looking classmates, we kinda just accepted fate. The bell rang and everyone slowly but surely went back to their usual daily routine. Only except I felt like the only one that was quite nervous about it. Walking to class, I could feel all of the building liquid inside my bladder, and topping that off with the whatever I had during lunch that I don't remember, I was kinda thinking of the worse scenario by then. As I was walking, I saw more than a dozen of students both male and female walking like they were either half drunk or that they were cast dancers in High School Musical (don't make fun of me, that was my exact thought back then). Of course I didn't know any of the guys, I wish I did. I could even make friends with them right then... But I couldn't.

I was borderline antisocial, even though I'm inside just about every club you could fit into a daily schedule. Getting used to this new town and the way people lived and did things was all too sudden on me and I couldn't adapt this first year. I've been trying to get connected with my inner self for as far as I could remember, but after the whole moving thing it's like someone just hit the reset button to my world. Nothing was the same anymore, I didn't like anyone or anything for a long time before finally succumbing to them. There was only one friend I knew in the school prior to moving and even then we barely got in contact with each other. 

I used to have a phone, now there's barely service in this new town. I used to have dreams of where I want to be, and now it just felt like I was going to be stuck here financially. All of the worries and the feelings of being lost, in addition to a new chapter of my life coming so sudden, it sent me somewhat emotionally unstable at this point in life. But over the years living there and realizing there were probably many others in the same predicament that got through eventually, I stopped worrying about it too much and nearly have forgotten it, the people I never could connect to. The ones struggling to hold on. Off to English I go.

I enter the room, and all I heard was conversations about the school's restrooms being locked, and my friend (I'll use fake names) Jenni was in the corner covered under her black jacket and the rest of the class facing the opposite of her. I sat beside her and chatted away like any high school student would and she would smile like how she usually does, but I could tell something else was mixed up in that grin of hers. I asked if she went to the bathroom before it got closed. She almost blushed, with a hint of both shock and deviation in her face, and said that she hasn't. I told her that I have not either and how much I had to pee, showing my almost empty water bottle to her while she pulled hers from off the ground.

Now I've said that my water bottle was big, but hers..... It was a gallon of water. Just a plain and plastic water gallon you'd find in any convenience store. Almost empty. She must've been practicing soccer that day and was trying to keep herself hydrated throughout the day so she would be ready for whatever it is after school. As I didn't know any better, I asked if I could wear her jacket since I was very cold (that doesn't help with my situation, so) since she has it half off and placed backwards in front of her. After looking worried and scoping the class behind us for a bit, she barely knew what to say and I was confused to what she was doing. She eventually offered it to me, but was hesitant enough for me to ask if anything was wrong or if she was cold too. 

After refuting the latter she then told me to not tell anyone or scream to it. What did she mean? She pointed to beneath the desk and to her private region, lifting up her leg while looking around to see that no one else is watching but me, and I saw, a little dark patch in between her pants. No, it wasn't little. About the size of a baseball actually, and I almost did scream in sympathy for her. She immediately crossed her legs after showing me and I insisted that she should keep her jacket on top of it until it dries. I just felt so bad that such event was causing this to a friend of mine that could potentially be the best gossip in school since my math teacher mysteriously no-showed a full week. (Of course now it's a good story to bring up whenever we talk about our childhoods now and then)

It really didn't seem like she was going to make it through the class, and I kinda felt the same after realizing that I've been subconsciously finishing my water jug. I wanted to scream because it was quite the agony having to take notes and remember what you wrote down when knowing your bladder is about to be the entire class' memory for the rest of the year, especially if I was in my friend's position. But we made it, I was in pain but the subtle squirming helped with keeping my body temperature on par so that I didn't ever need that jacket during class.

So Jenni told me that the stain has dried but that she can't hold it anymore. I didn't know what to do for her except bitch to the principle to let us go home already. Surely after a few more minutes into our next class, and probably due to lots of complaints, announcements came on telling us to contact our parents if possible to get us out of school if you are in emergency to use a bathroom. Half of the kids had their flip phones and could either drive and/or bring a few of their friends home, the rest of us poverty driven loners were sent down to the cafeteria and main hall area to cool off and chill until our parents get here or the buses arrive. Me and my friend rode the bus since our parents both worked a 9 to 5, so we didn't have any way to go home and the school couldn't allow us to walk out by ourselves in risk of falling victim to bad things, and we barely knew the bigger kids who could potentially save us from doom.

After asking around people in our little circle that we saw, I bumped into Todd, one of my close friends that was one grade ahead of me, who was just about to head off with his 2 friends in their usually car ride. I introduced Jenni to him and how we were also very close friends, after a while also asking if he could take us along somewhere so we could relieve ourselves before anything happens. He then explained how he usually picks up two other people in his small PTCruiser(?) so there could only be one spot if we wanted to come. Knowing that I myself probably have a better chance of holding it than Jenni, I insisted that she go with them and how they're my trusted friends. Of course Todd was hesitant at first asking if she can avoid going inside his car, but probably felt bad for her and took her with him anyways.

2 hours until the regular time school ends. Now I'm stuck here by myself. I see no one I could remember, no one I could ever familiarize with, no one I trusted. The feeling of being alone in an ever-decreasing group of strangers most likely all older than me, it gave me anxiety, paranoia almost. Being quite new to the school and all, not knowing any classmates or have hung out with my friends, barely recalling the names of my teachers, only ever forced to pay attention in class by a threatened future of mine that I felt no connection to. A realization that growing up and moving out after I'm done with all of this would only mean something exactly like what I saw, but more stressful, horrific, and of a longer timespan than this could ever be. 

I could not even relieve myself of pee nor frustration. The fear of having no one to vouch for me if something does happen, all of a sudden had me thinking of my own future. Should I start changing my ways? Should I get a job and help my family get out of this half deserted town? Should I start making connections to the world around me and grow up knowing that you're now in high school? I stood almost in silence after most of the other kids left for home or somewhere else in the school to hang out in. I was sat in the corner of the cafeteria, subtly squeezing my left hand between my legs, more openly holding my right hand to my face and across my eyes. Something might come out of either end, both my bladder and emotions reached their limits.

School ended. Buses arrived. It all came so quick that I wished I could at least know when to feel joy again. The bell rang, teachers left, rooms closed, life went on. My bus was nearly empty this time, given that most of them should be home instead of at the nurse's office trying out a new pair of jeans. The bus left the same time as always, and I got off within 10 minutes like usual. It was quite the painful 10 minutes as I could feel how much my bladder was bulging against my belt. After another 5 minute walk to home, I was more than ready to be sat on the toilet when I saw my mom's car pull up just behind me and in front of the house. She got out and greeted, and just as soon as I was about to run up to her and talk about my day, someone else jumped out of the passenger's seat.

It was dad, someone I haven't seen in 3 or 4 years I think. I thought he was in another state? Well, he's now in front of the yard.

We talked while we headed inside. He explained everything thoroughly. He finally finished his degree and got a new job. He says he's worked very hard and saved up a lot over the years for my college, and has been using every bit of it in trying to secure his, or rather, our new home. So we're moving once again? Before the school year's even over? But what about all of my frien- oh yeah, it's too late now, isn't it? But the thought of knowing me and my family's future is saved starting today, after all of the hardships of trying to succeed top in class to get free tuition, all the while neglecting a social life, and everything that we've went through because of it, now it's not that much of a burden. Only except...

I immediately excused myself after hearing the bare minimum I needed. Sprinting to my room to throw my backpack on the bed, I turned left into the bathroom and front of the toilet. Everything flooded out the second I pulled down my pants, it was quite literally a waterfall as I haven't even sat down yet. It was the strongest and loudest stream of pee I've ever managed to pull to that day, so much that I got trickles of pee all over the seat, but I didn't care, I just wanted to rest. It went on for so long, and I could physically feel the emotions coming out of me at the same time. While relieving myself I thought over who I just saw in the flesh and what I just heard in his own words, I started to cry. But this time with a smile on.

After I was done I quickly cleaned up any messes I've made on the seat and myself and headed straight back into the living room, once in a long time with joy. Not joy of great food, but rather joy of not ever needing to sign up for reduced price school lunch again. Not joy of talking with people that barely cares about you, but rather with your own family in its entirety. Not joy of a dream, but rather a reality.

The rest of the day was amazing, he showed us pictures of our new neighborhood, even shared some of his own photography around town while he was gone. I showed him some of my own photos and we would look through them and laugh. I even told them what happened at school today, and we all contributed some of our opinions and remarks on that, ending with the notion that it'll all be history soon.

But I promise that I won't forget the friends and memories that I've made here.

Recalling High School~

