Unplanned (Half?) Accident

Author: YusukeDan

*000*2019-09-18 01:43

So basically it is rather late here and this just happened a couple of hours ago?

It was half past midnight and I was feeling that small pressure on my bladder (probably something like a 6 nothing too serious). I was about to get ready to sleep so I wasn't planning on doing a hold but as usual I was putting off using the toilet to maybe get myself a bit more desperate, so I brushed my teeth and did all the common things before bed and then my younger sister knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet (small house only one bathroom and we share a bedroom). I told her sure finished off with my routine and walked out.

My mom was in her bedroom and I went to the kitchen to get a water bottle and I looked at the kitchen napkins and thought... well why not stack two napkins and fold them and tease myself by letting out a couple small spurts? As I said, I was definitely not that desperate so I wasn't worried.

I folded the napkins over each other and pulled my underwear down just a tiny bit to slip my hand inside. I pressed the napkins and relaxed just enough to let out the smallest of spurts and did this three times. When I felt the napkins get warm all over I pulled them out and just as I was throwing the two napkins in the trash I felt dribbles running down my leg. At first I thought it could've been the napikins were too soggy and let out a couple dribbles but I soon felt the smallest of streams running down my leg. 

I realized I wasn't being able to stop it and I panicked and pushed my underwear further down to try and not dirty it. For a good no less than 10 seconds I was literally dribbling onto the floor. It was not a strong full stream it was literally a steady but very small leak. In the process of realizing what was happening and trying to stop there was a small puddle on the floor and I can only thank whatever god that my mom did not walk out of her bedroom cuz that would've been a mess to explain.

So I pulled my underwear up and grabbed a towel from the washing machine to clean the small puddle off the floor. The front of my underwear was clean so I was a bit relieved but as soon as I reach my hand to touch the back I realized (to my displeasure and slight excitement) that it was rather wet! I tried to pat it dry with the towel and hoped that since my underwear is dark it wouldn't be too noticable.. so i took it off quickly to check and it was...

Since my sister was still in the bathroom and my mom in her room I walked down the hall to my room and quickly changed into a new pair of underwear. I managed to snap a couple of low quality pics of the 'small patch' before rolling it up in my pj's shirt since I don't wear it to sleep anyway. As soon as my sister walked off the bathroom I threw the shirt along with the underwear in the laundry basket to wash tomorrow and thankfully no one noticed a thing!

I'm still not sure what exactly happened since I am usually good with 'control' but I will definitely have to be more careful of my experiments when I'm not alone haha

