Major Accident I had in front of my family (warning wetting a messing)

Author: iop098

*000*2018-05-16 20:18

To set the seen, this story was in the Summer of my eleventh year while on vacation in Flordia. We were on the way back from a day on the boardwalk.

Having eaten a large breakfast of sausage gravy, biscuits, and orange juice prepared by my grandmother – followed up by lunch on the boardwalk and multiple lemonades – I really needed to use the bathroom. I wanted to go before we left the boardwalk, but we had to rush home as my grandmother was preparing an early dinner. I did not want to disrupt my family so I went along with it.

It wasn’t until we were in the car for about 20 minutes(on an hour and a half long drive) that I began to realize the extent of my predicament. My need to urinate was starting to reach desperate levels, I was having to sit very still and breathe slowly to hold it.

“Mom” I sheepishly piped up, “can we please stop at a gas station or something. I need to go pee”. My mom turned back to me and gave me a look of sympathy but responded, “Honey, you should have gone at the boardwalk. There are not any good places to stop and we will be back at your grandparents in about 45 minutes. Do you think you can hold it?”

I was eleven years old and hadn’t had any problems “holding it” since I was five. I was almost sure that I could make it home (with some effort) so I told her I would be fine. So there I was sitting in the backseat of my mother’s car needing to pee extremely bad. Also present were my aunt (mom’s younger sister), my sister Katie, and my younger cousin named Annie. At this point, I was honestly confident that I would make it home. I sat back and tried to relax. I finally was starting to get used to the pressure on my bladder when another sensation began. As I relaxed, I felt my bowels suddenly fall under tremendous pressure.

All the food (and vacation food I had been eating for days) was beginning to catch up with me. Under the stress and distraction of my need to pee, I hadn’t even realized what was going on at the other end. At this point I began to feel a bit panicked. I really needed to stop, but we were only twenty minutes away at this point. I tried to hold it, but it was becoming very difficult. I was having to hold myself every thirty seconds to avoid leaking. My sister, who was sat next to me, took notice asking, “Are you okay? You look like you really have to go…” My mom looked back and noticed as well, giving me another concerned look. I responded weakly saying, “I feel like it is going to come out soon. It hurts.”

My mom tried to encourage me again saying, “We are only about ten minutes away now baby. Just hold on a little longer. We don’t want to have to clean up a mess in the car if you go in your pants.” I was embarrassed that my mom knew at this point there was a chance I wouldn’t be able to make it home. I hadn’t “gone in my pants” since I was five. Even that was due to a Kindergarten teacher not letting me use the bathroom. But I had to admit at this point that it was a serious possibility that I would regress to the actions of my five year old self.

I began to remember every moment of “desperation” I had witnessed or experienced. I hadn’t wet my pants besides the one time, but I had some close calls before. Especially when I was younger and walked home from school. But it never felt like this. I was seriously beginning to lose control of my body. My legs were starting to shake, and I could hardly feel my bladder anymore. The pressure on my bowels was still there but overridden by the pain emanating from my bladder.

I remembered two years previously on the way home from my uncle’s wedding. The only true pants wetting I had ever witnessed was that of my sister’s that day. I remember I barely even noticed she had to go when all of the sudden I heard a loud trickle falling onto the floor of my mom’s car. I remember how embarrassed my sister was. My mom and I tried to comfort her, but it was obvious that we were shocked at the extent of her accident. She had totally wet herself, along with her flower girl dress and the floor in the process. She cried as my mom helped her change clothes in the back of the car as I waited outside for the cleanup to be over. I specifically remember the bag of wet clothes. My mom handled my sister’s once delicate dress and underwear like slimy pieces of trash. She held them with two fingers before finding a trash bag to put the clothes in.

Anyway, distracted, by past memories, the time passed quickly, and we were nearly back to my grandparents. At this point, I regained some hope. Although my bladder was absolutely screaming for relief, we were almost there. Within a minute, I could sit down on the toilet and go. We got out of the car and went into my grandparent’s condominium building. We just had to ride the elevator up now. I ran up to the elevator and pressed the button, never releasing the grip I had on my crotch with my other hand. My family caught up and we boarded the elevator. As the elevator began to rise, I really felt like I was going to lose it. I had a bit of a full-body spasm and shook as a small spurt of pee shot into my pants. I gasped and bent down to hold myself tighter. My mom put her hand on my back and said, “come on, we are almost there.”

Finally, the elevator stopped, and I ran towards my grandparent’s door.

I tried to open it, but it was locked. My mom finally caught up a few seconds later and began the process of opening the door with her key. I was holding it with both hands at this point, jumping up and down, anything to avoid wetting myself right before finding relief in the toilet. I felt like a little kid acting so desperate, but I knew it was better than the alternative. My mom finally got the door open and I ran towards the bathroom.

I began to leak a lot on the way to the toilet. I could feel the warmth of my boxer briefs sticking to me as I finally reached the bathroom door. I didn’t even care about the less than perfect state of my underwear though, I had made it without true incident. But there was a problem, the door wouldn’t open. I grabbed myself hard again to completely stem the flow. My grandpa piped up that he was using the toilet and would, “be out in just a minute”. This being a small condo, it was the only bathroom for the entire house. I felt my stomach gurgle with distress (and the ever mounting need to poop).

My mom caught up to me again and nervously offered more sympathy, “Oh no. It’s ok, you can hold it. Just a little longer”. As soon as she said this I finally began to lose control. It started as a couple small spurts(not to different than the previous leaks), but no matter how hard I grabbed it wouldn’t stop. I bent down into a squat to try and clamp off the pressure, but it was just too much. At once, the pee starting really coming out. A slow, but steady stream worked its way past my grip and began to totally soak my blue athletic shorts.

My mom took notice and gasped, “Oh no Matthew. I thought you were past the age of holding to too long like this.” Her facial expression and tone had a distinct mixture of sympathy and disappointment that only a mother can provide. I was pitifully sobbing, squatted down by the bathroom door, pee running down my legs, into my shoes, and onto the floor when a horrifying feeling emitted from my back side. In a bout of sudden diharreah, I lost the battle at the other end. It started as a creamy, crunching feeling as the poop practically sprayed and began to flood my underwear. The relief, at this point which accompanied the shame, was incredible. I reacted, grabbing my butt to try to stop the damage, but it was already done. I felt a feeling I literally could not even remember, poop in my underwear. I pushed on my butt and all it did was smear the mess onto my cheeks.

As I was wearing boxer briefs(not boxers) the poop was mostly contained by the underwear and it mixed with my continuous stream of pee. My mom, who had left to get a towel, returned and gasped when she noticed the full extent of what was happening to her eleven-year-old son. I sheepishly looked up at her and watched her facial expression turn from one of sympathetic exasperation, to one of angry disgust. She grabbed me lightly by the shirt and said, “Oh my gosh did you seriously just shit yourself as well.

How am I going to explain this to your grandmother. Even your sister has not had an accident like this in years”. I cringed just at her phrasing, I hadn’t heard the word “accident”(in referral to the bathroom kind) in years. She began to march me towards into the bathroom(which my grandpa had finally left) and some of the mess fell out of my pants and onto my grandparent’s floor. Already, the puddle outside of the bathroom was huge. My liquid feces had mixed with my pee to create quite a disgusting mixture to be cleaned up.

I remember the hot itching feeling I had all over my crotch and butt, it felt unfamiliar, but at the same time, I recognized it(probably in memories left over from potty training) as the “bathroom accident” feeling. My mom commented several more times on the extent of the mess as she helped me clean up. I took of my shorts first and handed them to my mom from the shower curtain. They were absolutely drenched with urine and my mom handled them in the same way I had seen her handle my sisters clothing. She held the shorts by two fingers and dropped them into a plastic shopping bag where they made a wet sounding smack. Next, I took off my underwear, which was even worse. I let it drop onto the floor of the shower with a thud and picked it up, trying not to spill the solid mess that had nestled its way into the seat of the briefs. I handed these to my mom more carefully.

She said, “Wow this is really nasty. If you ever do this again you are going to have to clean yourself up. I haven’t cleaned poopy undies in years and I don’t want to start again.” I knew my mom, at this point, was shaming me a little on purpose. I knew I deserved it as well. I reflected back on all the times I passed up using the restroom at the boardwalk and how it could have saved me from the extreme embarrassment that followed.

At this point, my sister had taken full notice and knocked on the door trying to offer some sympathy and enquiring what happened. I was too embarrassed to respond so my mom said, “Katie, sweetheart. Let this be a lesson to you as well that if you hold it too long you are going to have an accident. No matter how old you are”. There went that shameful word again, “accident”. I’m pretty sure my sister would have been just as shocked to hear that word out of my mother’s mouth if she hadn’t been standing right in front of the evidence of a particularly bad “accident” from the hand of her older brother.

Anyway, I finally got cleaned up in the shower and never had an accident like that again. I also never saw the underwear again, I think my mom decided to throw them out rather than deal with “poopy undies” as she called them…

I do have some other stories to tell, which I may do in the future. Stay tuned!

*006*2018-05-19 09:36

Thanks for the feedback!

