When I Watered My Backyard

Author: Du280

*000*2022-01-11 18:43

About 3 years ago, When I was sophomore in college, I even trained to hold my urge for toilet because there were TOO many exams and assignments that even made me sleep 3 hrs per day. I had to do like that to avoid F. Monster Energy helped me a lot.

Finally spring break had started and I returned to my home from dorm for days. On the way home I drunk and ate a lot that I got bit desperate already. Finally I arrived home and found that I was home alone. My families were out for trip for whole break. It meant I was completely free until the break ends.

But, I got too sleepy when I entered home. The urge for pee raised worse and my bladder started to bulge, but I just ignored it and went to bed, thinking to go bathroom when I wake up.

About 8 hours had passed, I woke up with a largely bulging bladder and a great urge to pee and a sharp stomach pain. I arrived home and fell asleep at 10 am so it was about 6 pm. Sunset had started and it was getting dark outside.

At first, I coundn't even get out of bed. I noticed that if I take my two hands off from my pussy and stand up, the pee would be coming uncontrollably. I took a deep breath and barely came out of bed. I quickly headed to toilet but it didnt work at all. At that moment, I lost all my strength and barely managed to stop the pee leaking out. The urge got even worse and I felt like I was holding the Atlantic in my bladder. Holding my crotch with one hand, I called plumber with another hand. But he replied It would take about 2 hours to reach this house. It meant I would pee not in the toilet. At that moment, I was moaning for the urge and crossing my legs and holding my crotch with two hands. "Ooh..." I was holding a chair and couldnt walk. I had to look for solution. Then I reminded the backyard. My goodness.

Our backyard was open without fence. Anyone could see our home directly and there was no blind spot at all. It meant I would show the neighbours my pussy and golden stream If I pee there. But there was no way to pee Inside my home. Sophomore Du280 was too shy and neat to make home dirty with pee. I couldn't even imagine peeing at home. I had to pee in backyard. A short stream came out and wet my undies. I was approaching my limit.

So I came out of home, holding my crotch. Since it already got pretty dark, There was no person outside. But I couldn't be relieved. "Ooh, Ooh..." I moaned again. I was already wet my undies and a little amount pee came out. The pain and urge got fully bad and I moaned "Ah.. Ahh..." with even pressing my pussy. But I couldn't find the way.

Then, I found there were tall flowers that makes some blind spots at the behind corner. I felt like be rescued. I slowly, slowly walked to that corner. The bladder bulged like pregnant.

Finally I reached there. I took off my coat and hung it over flowers to completely cover it. It was like a small fortress. I took undies off and squatted down. And finally...

The great golden stream had started. "Ah! Ahh... oh, Ah!" I moaned largely and even shouted. It felt orgasmic. The stream hit the grass and was absorbed. It sounded like a heavy downpour. I could feel the pee gets out of my body so clearly. I closed my eyes and fully enjoyed the relief. I was peeing myself at the backyard. I reached ecstasy againd and again during relief. Thanks to THAT DRILL in college, it took aboout 3 minutes to finish.

After the relief had ended, I just stayed that posture for a while to feel the relief more. My bladder was empty and the world was peaceful. I took my coat and entered inside home, soon started masturbate. It after peeing felt like heaven. I masturbated for about an hour and fell asleep. I enjoyed and relaxed while rest break and returned to the college.

