An experience that might have happened (but sadly didn't!)

Author: tickler

*000*2017-02-09 14:24

This is not a wetting experience per se, but could well have turned into one, and played was a crucial factor in developing my nascent omo fantasies.

In my younger days, I was on holiday with a group of friends. It was kind of an activity holiday, there were lots of things to try, beach and watersports (the non-sexual kind). Anyway, there was also a group of girls, and one of them had had an unfortunate accident during the trip, fracturing a bone in her leg. It meant she had to spend the remainder of the trip in a wheelchair, with a cast on her leg, and couldn't join in properly. Anyway, one evening I was chatting with her, and we ended up snogging for a while. She was becoming more horny, but also needed to pee. Being young, foolish and inexperienced, I failed to take advantage of the opportunities presented, and nothing actually happened in the end.

But little did I know, this seemingly minor event would lodge itself in my memory, and is now a staple scenario for my fantasy imaginings. Here is what I imagined might have happened.

We go for a walk (well, me pushing her along in her chair) to the beach, and continue snogging while listening to the waves. I am fingering her and she is getting increasingly aroused. She says, "But I need to pee," but I say, "Don't worry, this is so hot, I'm sure you can hold it." I continue to tease and arouse her while she becomes increasingly desperate. She is torn between enjoying the arousal and scared of the "humiliation" of peeing herself.

I volunteer to "help" by lifting her off her chair, and allowing her to squat on the sand to pee. She is a little embarrassed by this, but obviously I am finding it hot. I help her down, and pull down her knickers for her. But I am now below her, and start to slide my tongue along her pussy lips, while also reaching up with my hands to massage her ample breasts. "Oh, you taste so good, let me just lick you a while before you pee." She finds the sensation yet more arousing, and is getting closer to orgasm, but the pressure on her bladder is also desperate now, and knowing she can't get back up on her own, starts pleading with me, "Oh, I am going to pee.

Please move your head, I don't want to pee on you." She imagines that it would be a shameful thing, and I allow her to keep thinking that, even though I am enjoying every second, anticipating the inevitable. I say, "Oh, licking you is so lovely, I can't stop now!" She orgasms, and of course can't control herself any longer, and releases a strong burst of pee straight into my face. I continue to lick her. She is shocked and but goes with it, allowing both orgasm and pee to proceed, for a double-intensity release.

Sigh, if only.

