My first wetting (genuine accident)

Author: omo-wetting

*000*2018-03-22 01:26

When I was in high school, I didn’t like going to the bathroom at school. I would normally go before I left the house in the morning and hold it until I got home. I never really had a problem with this because I typically didn’t drink a lot of water (just one bottle with lunch) so I made it home no problem. Until one day I definitely had a problem…

I had stayed up late the night before doing some school work so I was exhausted. During first period I could barely keep my eyes open so in between classes I decided to get a coffee from the cafeteria. I drank this no problem and I was feeling better. Then around midday I went to lunch and I had my normal bottle of water, then, as a last minute decision I decided to have a second cup of coffee. I made it through the next couple of classes okay but by seventh period I definitely had to pee. It was an annoyance but I could ignore it easily enough. Once I got to eighth period, it was not so easy to ignore.

I had my legs crossed for the entire class and all I could think was “I gotta pee!” My legs were definitely shaking and halfway through class I had to undo the button on my jeans to relieve some of the pressure. All I could tell myself was that this was the last class of the day, I could go home soon, I could make it. After what felt like an eternity, class ended. I knew if I went to the bathroom after class I would miss my bus and I didn’t want to be stuck at school so I went straight to the bus. I told myself that the bus ride was only 30 minutes and I could make it home. I wasn’t a little kid, I could definitely hold it.

The bus ride home was the most painful bus ride I’ve ever experienced. My bladder hurt so bad from the effort of holding it. I sat with my backpack over my lap with both hands clutching my crotch, trying to hold it in. About five minutes from my stop, the bus hit a huge bump. My bladder spasmed and I felt a spurt of pee come out. I was able to stop it but I definitely had a small wet spot on my jeans. We finally made it to my stop and I walked awkwardly to the front of the bus, trying to hold it in without using my hands. I was successful until I got to the stairs. With each step, I felt another spurt of pee shoot out of me, I could barely keep it under control and the wet spot was definitely growing. Once I got off the bus I could use my hands to hold myself again, no one else got off at this stop so no one would see me. 

But once I grabbed myself I realized that the wet spot was definitely noticeable. I hobbled towards home as quickly as I could, trying so hard not to leak again. I made it to the edge of my property and started hobbling across the lawn because I couldn’t take the extra time to walk to the driveway. I thought I was going to make it but halfway across the lawn I let out a gasp and another spurt of pee as pain shot through my bladder. This time I couldn’t stop it. I froze, standing in the middle of my lawn as pee quickly drenched my jeans. I was so embarrassed but the relief felt so good I couldn’t stop and I’m pretty sure I orgasmed right then and there as pee exploded out of me. I peed for at least two solid minutes, sinking to my knees halfway through because I couldn’t stand up any more.

When I was finally done peeing, it took about another minute for me to fully comprehend what had happened. I had just wet myself in public and I enjoyed it. I quickly, and embarrassedly, got to my feet and hurried inside. I cleaned myself up and threw my clothes in the washing machine. I was so embarrassed but I couldn’t help thinking how amazing it felt. That's how I ended up into omorashi.

