School Outing Pee Desperation

Author: lilyflower

*000*2021-05-29 05:02

Hello everyone ^^ I received a lot of kind messages of support since my last post. I just wanted to say thanks, and I’m here to share another experience.

This isn’t something that happened recently, but a few years ago. I was 17 (almost 18) and still in high school. In a way, memories of this experience triggered some of the responses I felt that night on the bus (my previous post). We were on a school outing that day. Our entire year went to the countryside. We barbecued, hiked, and explored the area in our free time. The public toilets there were awfully dirty. All girls understand this only too well. We often have to hold our pee in simply because public toilets are too dirty. I felt a slight urge to pee at some point, but I resolved not to use the toilets until the absolute last minute. The day was unforgivingly hot. We barbecued and I drank a lot of soda. The urge to pee grew stronger and stronger, but I felt it was still manageable, so I continued to hold it.

Back then I had a crush on this guy. I’ll just call him M** for convenience (I want to use a fake name but I can’t bring myself to call him anything else). I had reason to suspect that he liked me too. He came to me and told me he found some spectacular views and wanted to take me there. My heart skipped two beats at that moment. He was offering to take me somewhere nice. It was one of those extremely rare moments where you dream of something happening and then it actually happens. I happily went with him, and at that moment I was so excited I completely forgot about my bladder.

We walked further and further away from the crowd. My urge to pee came back to me, and that’s when I started to feel worried. I had been holding in my pee for so long. But I was reluctant to tell M** to wait for me to go back to pee. I was shy, and I was also irrationally afraid to break the magic that was happening between the two of us. What if I go back to pee, and he changes his mind? What if another girl tags along while he’s waiting for me? Besides, I told myself, there should be other toilets around. The moment I see one, I’ll just pee there, and we can continue uninterrupted. These thoughts consoled me a bit, and the movement of my legs from walking kind of lessened the urge to pee.

As we walked, we talked about things like university and exams and future careers. I was landing each step as gently as possible to stop any external vibrations on my bladder. I kept looking around for clues of a toilet. But there was nothing. I realized public toilets don’t just pop up like mushrooms in the countryside. That one dirty toilet that I dreaded using was probably the only one within a 10km radius.

I started to panic a bit. Partly because I had no idea how far those ‘spectacular views’ were. We had been walking for quite a while now. I could only see a few classmates throwing frisbees behind me on a grassy field. We were otherwise quite far away from everyone else at this point. If I told him I had to go all the way back to pee, would he think I’m stupid? I told M** the teachers warned us about heading too far, but I guess my signs weren’t obvious enough, because he insisted I had nothing to worry about. I vainly hoped we could switch bodies so I wouldn’t be the one having to deal with a bursting bladder.

The place we were at was sort of like a park in the countryside, but M** had taken us outside the park, and now we were heading further up a small mountain. It was getting increasingly hard to focus on what M** was saying. I didn’t have a single plan in my mind. Whenever I thought M** wasn’t looking, I squeezed my hand against my pee hole, but that only brought momentary relief.

We hiked up a short distance, and I was pleasantly stunned when the trees opened to a small clearing that looked down on a huge reservoir. M### wasn’t lying. The view was great. M** offered to take some pictures of me. A lot of girls made an effort to wear nice clothing that day so we could take photos and I was no different. I would’ve been more than glad to let M** take photos of me in such a setting, but I was so desperate to pee. It was impossible to stand still. After two photos I involuntarily bent down, but I told M** it was just menstrual pain.

I wanted to tell him to head back but I didn’t want him to think I was rejecting his company. He said we should head even further up the mountain and that’s when I lost a bit of control. A bit of pee gushed out and I stemmed the flow with my hand. My panties felt disgustingly damp. M** knew there was something wrong and there was no point hiding. And so, I admitted to him I my bladder was bursting with pee.

M** was very straightforward and told me to pee in a bush. Maybe I should’ve, but it was a combination of embarrassment at the prospect of peeing in front of M**; fear of being exposed out in the open; and just plain pure irrational desire to pee in a toilet that stopped me from doing so. I told him I could make it back to the toilets, and he agreed to go back.

I felt my face burning and I was so disappointed. If only I peed before we left, we could be enjoying our time alone here. My hands were already stuffed up my skirt so there was no point hiding at this point. I was holding myself in front of him, and I just thought that was hell of a way to embarrass yourself in front of your crush. It was easier now that I could hold myself. I thought I might actually just make it. Twice he asked me if I was ok and the only reply I could give was ‘My bladder is about to burst!’.

After a while I realized something was wrong. We were still in the mountains. The path was sloping slightly upwards, but I don’t recall ever going down on our way to the clearing overlooking the reservoir. A sudden fear flitted across my heart and another gush of pee threatened to burst out. I asked M** whether we were going the right way but he just said ‘this has to be the way’.

But no, we were lost. We were stuck in the mountains. We stopped while he checked his phone, while I danced on spot. I kept thinking whether I should really just go pee in a bush. I was putting all forms of pressure on my pee hole with my hands and legs but it didn’t feel like it was heling much. That’s when I felt my thighs go warm and I realized I was peeing uncontrollably.

I was pressing so hard against myself my skirt immediately got a bit wet, but I quickly crouched and started peeing and peeing and peeing. I was going to pull my panties aside but then I realized M** was watching. He was just standing there ogling. It was probably the first time he’s seen a girl pee in front of him. I peed for so long and left a huge puddle on the ground, which even the dirt found too much to absorb. The puddle crept to my shoes, and I just awkwardly shifted back as more and more pee came out.

I thought I would cry afterwards but I didn’t. I looked at M** and I just felt a bit excited. There was a visible bulge on his pants, and he just stared at me for a few seconds before helping me back up to my feet.

My legs and panties were soaking wet. He handed me some tissue and I, feeling half-drunk from relief, asked him to clean for me. He mumbled something and then he started wiping my legs while I stood there.

As he wiped me, his hands slid up and up and up, right below the hem of my skirt. He seemed a bit hesitant. I looked around and made sure no one was around, and I gently lifted his hand up beyond the hem. I was so nervous, but also so excited. I had never been touched like this by a guy before. His hands reached up my thigh, the tissue soaking up all the pee. Just when he reached my panties, I pushed his hand up again, and I felt my muscles contract from the excitement. It wasn’t exactly pleasure, it felt more like muscle cramps because I was just so nervous and excited when he touched my slit.

After wiping my panties for a while, he pushed it aside and wiped me directly. I parted my legs a little and the feeling of his fingers pressed against the tissue wiping against my sensitive parts was nothing like anything I had ever done to myself before. He tried to put a finger in me, and I wanted him to, but I was afraid his fingers were dirty and so that didn’t happen. After a while, we sort of just realized what we were doing and we laughed. I traced my finger around his crotch and he was rock hard. We wanted to do so much more of course, but we were in an awkward place, so we stopped and found our way back.

We started dating after that and he was a very kind and good bf. We never talked about the peeing afterwards and to me back then it was never really an omorashi experience, since it was mostly about what happened after the peeing. I had a very good relationship with M**, but he’s a brilliant student and some overseas university wanted him. I didn’t want to hold him back of course, so we parted ways eventually. We still talk from time to time though.

But the story doesn’t end here.

Going back to that night on the bus (my previous experience), while I was holding my pee all these memories came back to me as well. Partly the reason why I got excited and sent my online friend (a.k.a. Sage) some pictures was because it reminded me of that experience with M**. Sage later told me how hot it would be to watch me hold myself, and how if he were there, he would’ve done things to stop me from reaching the toilet, and that’s when I realized some guys enjoy watching girls hold their pee and I started to wonder whether M** was the same. While talking to Sage, I wondered whether M** was really ‘lost’ that day on the mountain side?

And so I messaged him just last month. And it turns out Sage was right. M** admitted to purposefully leading us to the wrong path so he could watch me hold my pee. I just felt exasperated and flustered and there was also a strange urge to laugh. Would I prefer it did not happen? I honestly can’t say. I thanked M### for being honest with me and told him not to do something like that to another girl again, and when I showed Sage the chat, he was both impressed by how chill I reacted to the news and jealous of how M** was there to watch me hold my pee.

And so that’s it I suppose. High-school-me would never have guessed that one school outing would lead to all this. Looking back, it just makes the world seem strange at times, how chain reactions lead to unexpected outcomes. I still fantasize and relive that day with M** in my mind from time to time, and now that I know about omorashi that day has an even greater significance. I just realized that there is a chance M** might actually be on this website XD and he’d definitely recognize this account as mine if he reads this. I wonder if he’s even shared his version of events here?

