First wetting experience

Author: Cuddlebear55

*000*2017-09-04 16:14

This happened one new years eve. I was 17. My Mom and I went to my Godparents place for new years dinner. After dinner we rang in the new year with champagne. And I don't mean sparkling wine from the local liquor depot. My Godparents brought this home with them from France, this was no cheap stuff, it was the real deal. I had never had champagne before and it gave me a great warm tingly feeling. It was the only alcoholic drink I had and I was 6'3" and 230lbs so it in no way intoxicated me. But the warm tingly lingered till we got home.

I left for home needing to pee and decided I was going to hold as that was something I enjoyed. I stopped at the corner store and bought a huge slurpee to help things along I had played around with holding and wetting before but this would turn out to be a defining moment for me. It didn't take long for my bladder to become uncomfortable and even start hurting. I enjoyed the feeling of being wet, but didn't want to have all my pee escape and be lost. So I headed to my dresser and grabbed every pair of underwear I could find, including a pair of long johns. This made it feel like a diaper and was very arousing.

***I hope this doesn't get to graphic for anyone***

I decided to relieve some pressure to make the whole experience last longer, and to enjoy the feeling of being wet. I allowed small amounts to come out at a time. Since everything was so tightly held in by the multiple pairs of underwear, it would fill up inside my foreskin, causing an extremely tingly sensation. Eventually it would build up and break free soaking into my underwear. I continued doing this until I had a wet spot on the outer layer.

I spent some time sitting on my bed, as the huge bulge of underwear between my legs was a great feeling to sit on. I also layed on my stomach as the bulge in front pressed my erection tight. I had never realized how sexual the whole thing could be.

It didn't take long for the desperation to set in. I continued drinking as I wanted the extreme desperation feeling, and I wanted the biggest volume of pee I could get. This went on until I had spurts come out that I couldn't hold any more. So I sat in the tub and held as long as I could, which wasn't long at that point. Once I couldn't stand it anymore I let go. What an amazing feeling of relief. I soaked up to my waist, around the sides and down my thighs. The long johns started soaking and soaked all the way down to my ankles. Once it was too saturated to hold more the pee ran down the tub and soaked my long johns even more.

***

I decided to stop before I was empty. I wanted to once again feel the tingly sensation that I started with. I sat there for a while enjoying the feeling of being completely soaked. Everything felt even tighter now that it was so wet. I didn't 'have' to pee, but still had quite a bit in my bladder. So I decided to push some out, just little spurts at a time, once again they filled up inside my foreskin causing the most pleasing sensation I had ever felt. I don't think the champagne was still affecting me, but this experience had allowed me to hold onto the whole warm fuzzy feeling that I started with. I had never been so aroused in my life.

I kept filling my foreskin till it let go, every time I did it the feeling heightened. I got to the point where there seemed to be nothing left. But I kept pushing more out from wherever I could find it. Finally, when there seemed to be nothing left, one last push filed my foreskin and suddenly I was overwhelmed and something different came out. The whole sensation was amazing, the warmth of my pee, the wetness soaked all around me, the tightness of all my clothing, the pulsating that finally arrived. It was very unexpected but turned into something I would repeat.

