My First Full Wetting Ever - Extreme Desperation Pee Challenge

Author: eilrahc231

*000*2021-01-02 23:03

I've lurked on here for a few years now and been picking up different things here and there for my own fun.

But I just did a hold I couldn't not share.

TL:DR at the bottom

I finally managed to hold out long enough, and make it difficult enough, for me to have a really big wetting.='j

So, started preparing around 6pm and decided I would do a hold. Don't live alone so had to wait for housemate to go to bed, but spent 6-8pm drinking plenty, including Coke and J2O (As they both really fill my bladder fast) and did the rather well known "Rapid Desperation Technique", where I would try to pee normally (in a toilet) more and more regular until I had about a 10 minute gap between pees.

At 8pm, i decided to start as I know my bladder can last a long while and if I just let go due to getting bored/impatient, i rarely get a good wettting as I either have to force out enough to get me sufficiently soaked, or I just don't pee much at all.

To distract myself, and just pass the time, I decided to start a new game of Super Mario Sunshine, just because I like the idea of trying to get as close to the end of a game before I wet myself. As an added bonus, I didn't even think, but the whole game is based around water! Which was a nice early "happy accident", as playing was fun, but it was steadily getting harder to ignore my situation even while playing.

I get to 10pm still fairly comfortable as, like I said, I can hold my pee for a long time. My housemate tells me they're going to bed and I know now I can start challenging myself knowing it's safe to wet. I gather my towls and some preferred clothes to wet. (Personally; a fairly tight pair of boxer briefs and some tights I have so I get to feel the warm stick to me afterwards)

And now I load up this:

%https://milovana.com/webteases/showtease.php?id=35118

The Milovana "Extreme Desperation Pee Challenge" by davidparker265

It's goal is just to make it harder for you to hold until you pee and I had no intention of using a toilet so thought I would try and get as far through this as I could and hope it could tip me over the edge.

So I start it (still playing Mario Sunshine to pass the time as well) and it's the usual affair. Get some water ready (I had my cola and J20 on standby), and tell it I'm only slightly needing to go, (probably around a 6 on the desperation scale; noticable need to pee, but ignorable for now).

10pm to 12pm go relatively predictably for me. Couple tasks from the Challenge to stand with legs spread and drink a couple glasses which do feel like they're making a difference but I know each time I'm still a long way from where I will finish this challenge. By 9pm I'm still comfortably able to concentrate on the game but I'm having to sit back on my chair to avoid putting any pressure on my bladder and I'm also starting to involuntarily shake my leg so the pressure is definitly building.

12pm to 2am is where to started ramping up. I'd drank nearly 2L of coke total along with the Challenge and was now working on the J2O which always makes me need to pee regularly so was really adding to the pressure. I'm at around a 8 at this point. Noticable shaking and not really able to stand or sit in certain positions without feeling a real pressure (and a little pain, but I keep that to an absolute minimum to stay safe)

The tasks from the Challenge also ramped up. In the past when I've done a hold, I sometimes skip some challenges, as I either think they won't make a difference or they'll be more effort than they're worth, but I know if I want this to be a real accident, then I need to be keeping the pressure up in more ways than just drinking and not peeing. Plus, I wanted to take on the Challenge properly, so I decide any task from the Challenge, I will try to do in some way shape or form. So immediatly, one challenge throws me a little out of my comfort zone.

The task is to get naked. Now I vastly prefer wetting with clothes so I get to feel it all, plus there is less risk of splashing anything else in the vacinity I don't want to get wet, but as I'm still at an 8 on the scale, I know that I've got some time as I can stay on an 8 for quite a while, so I humor the idea, and strip off. We'll come back to that.

The Challenge checks how desperate I am and also has asked if I could stop peeing if I let out only a small bit. This is not a new idea to me. I have tried it in the past, going to the toilet, letting some out and immediatly catching it, and while this does increase the pressure a fair bit for about a minute, I don't tend to notice anything significant after, but again, in the spirit of the challenge, I say I could if I had to.

Another task that I remember around here was laying flat on my back. (it did actually say on my bed but I don't really want to have to clean my sheets so I just do it on the floor on my pre-prepared towel) This one hits me a bit. Laying totally flat with so much in my bladder really did require some concentration to hold it back with certainty and when I'm done, I need to take a moment to recompose myself before I carry on playing Mario.

Then I get a bit of a curveball. The task is to do 10 situps. I'm not super athletic but I can do situps normally, but I'm still naked, and I'm on 8 on the scale. So each one is hard. And I'm thinking "If I let any out now, it's probably going right over my chest." So I have to focus to make it through. It takes a minute, but I get the 10 done, stand up, and have to really hold myself now. Officially up to a 9.

With each of these tasks I assume that they'll be simple. That they will do what they always do: Make me squirm a bit harder for a minute, but ultimatly, not really affect the whole thing in any significant way. But there's been a lot of these tasks by now. The Challenge only leaves small gaps between each one and that means by 2am, I've done situps, jumping jacks, Laying on my back, and Laying on my stomach, many times each.

But most importantly, I've been tasked to lay flat on my stomach.

The first few times, I could manage, but by now, just lowering myself to the ground is a risky move, and I'd prefer to leak while somewhat upright so it trickles down my leg. So I alter the task slightly. I use a chair and instead lay flat across it, with my legs down and my head and arms hanging off the other side. This means all of my weight is on my bladder each time and I can feel it. Each time I do it I have to take a significant breather to stop any leaking. I make a mental note: If I do that too many times, I don't think I can take it.

2pm to 3pm and the Challenge again asks how I'm doing and I tell it I'm desperate. It tells me to put my favourite underwear on and later some pyjamas, so I go back to my favourite wetting boxers and tights since I'm really hoping this'll be the last stretch and I'd hate to wast it by not soaking in my favourite stuff.

I'm on a 9, and some tasks almost take me to a 10/10.

A bit more drinking comes up and I'm done with 2 J2Os, and Mario is something I can barely focus on as I am squirming in my seat. This would normally be the point I get bored and impatient and just stand and let it go, but I keep holding as it doesn't hurt it's just tiring. Like I'm running a race at this point. Or more accurately, a marathon.

So of course, the tasks ramp up. Sitting on the toilet without peeing, something I've done before and usually rarely struggle with, is pushing me so close to leaking. Putting my hand in cold water. Again, normally not a problem. Now? Making me dance intensly on the spot. Watching someone else pee themselves? Normally not a problem. Now? Making me grab a hold of myself to try and control it.

I know I'm on the home stretch but I daren't concede to make sure I fully let go when it happens.

So of course, my nemesis comes back around. The task is to lay on my stomach for a minute.

I feel like this could be it. I get one towel under the chair, one on top. I very steadily lower myself onto it and as I let my weight drop I am so close to a 10. I desperatly need to grab myself, squirm, anything, but I can't reach round the chair to hold myself and squirming with only make is worse so I grip the bottom of the chair legs I can reach and without realising it, add just a bit more pressure. And I give in. It wasn't technically an "accident". I did give in, but what followed was the first wetting I would ever describe as a Flood!

It was a hard, constant, and most importantly, very long stream in my pants and tights. Lasted for nearly a minute on it's own and I couldn't have stopped it if I wanted to as I no longer had the strength or will to try and catch it. Someone could have walked in right then and I would've just had to stay there and let it finish completely soaking my legs and it felt amazing!

It took me a moment to recover from the stream finishing before I could let go of the chair and inspect the puddle, which was by far the biggest I'd ever made. Pants soaked. Tightes drenched. All in all, a successful attempt.

I even got a bonus a couple hours later from trying to do little squirts in another pair of pants before finally releasing in those. Not as good as the first one but because of my weakened strenght from the first, I was able to fully wet without being able to stop it early.

TL:DR:

I usually struggle to have a full accident in my pants without just peeing on purpose and even then I rarely get much pee out without just forcing it, but by timing everything, distracting myself, and running the desperation challenge;(https://milovana.com/webteases/showtease.php?id=35118)

I finally managed to get a huge wetting pretty much uncontrollably.

