I don't have true *accidents* very often but I figured I'd share this experience

Author: Kuroten

*000*2019-12-31 03:36

Figured I'd share this experience from a year ago. As much as I enjoy Omorashi stories I've very rarely had instances where I've experienced anything of the involuntary type.Also English isn't my strong point so I'm sorry if it is hard to read.

Last year during my freshmen year of art school I decided to make the drive 2 hour to my parent's for thanksgiving break. The plan was to spend Thanksgiving and Black Friday and then head back Saturday evening. My folks always made a wonderful thanksgiving dinner, and my dad runs a local coffee shop in town so he makes amazing lattes. The holiday was great, good food, friends and family but Saturday came and I wanted to get back to work on projects. I got up that morning, still in a food coma from thanksgiving leftovers. and my dad offered me one of his mocha lattes, that I can't refuse. It's heaven in a cup. Well with packing my black friday haul, leftovers and possessions that 1 coffee turned into about 2 more. And then one for the road.

Hopped up on caffeine I said my goodbyes and hit the road, sipping on my delicious latte. grabbed gas about 10 miles down the road and tossed my empty cup. I think I was on the road for about 20 minutes when I felt my first urge to pee. "rest area's coming up soon I'm pretty sure" I told myself. I must have been distracted by other drivers, because I remember looking over and noticing I was already passing it. Ugh great. I really don't like stopping at strange mom & pop gas stations in the middle of nowhere. A lot of them don't even have public restrooms. I was aware of a Pilot (a chain of truck stops that are usually well maintained) coming up, but I wasn't exactly sure when. And my bathroom situation was only getting worse. I'm coming up on a large highway interchange.

Then I saw it. The sea of red tail-lights all holiday travelers dread. Complete dead-stop. "Just great" I think, as I start to squeeze my legs together. For some reason, having to go from 70-dead stop really makes you realize how bad you need to pee. I'm stuck on a bridge with hardly any shoulder, not like I could get out anyway. I also realize I threw my cup away while getting gas. I keep my car very clean, so I basically have nothing. Every 15-20 seconds we move ahead a couple car lengths, and just having to concentrate on moving that far makes me feel like I'm going to burst.

I sit in traffic for about 10 minutes, when I realize I simply cant wait anymore. biting my lip I make a quick look around my car to see if there's anything, any option I have other than simply ruining my car seat. Nothing. My stuff is also in the trunk, maybe I could grab some article of clothing I could use as a makeshift diaper but Seriously at that point If I had to get out I'd probably piss myself in front of the people behind me. Then I realize I'm wearing my hoodie. I take a second to debate if I want to pee all over my favorite hoodie or my car seat. Sorry hoodie car seat wins. I desperately try to rip off my sweater but in my desperation my arms just don't work the way they should.

It happens. I'm sitting there, one arm out of my sweater and squeezing my legs together but there's no denying my bladder anymore. I can literally feel the warmth travel up the length of my dick and reach the tip. I feel an explosion of warmth around my crotch. Just full blast. There isn't any slowing the stream. I'm peeing so hard it's going up over my thighs, down my sides and onto the seat, down both the top and bottom of my legs. The urine is pooling between my legs that are squeezed together. in 20 seconds my pants are soaked from my belt to my knees. I'm finally able to pinch off the flow. It feels amazing to have it out of me, and I'm also kind of turned on by the experience but at the same time I'm both humiliated and worried that my car will now forever smell like my piss.

Traffic lets up a few minutes later, thankfully. Someone had of course done something stupid. I'm relieved nobody in a larger vehicle was able to look into my car and notice my mess. I crack my windows to waft out the smell of urine and continue my drive, soaking in my wet seat. I pass the TA when I realize my next dilemma. I still kind of have to go, but I'm not about to go running into a place with a very obvious pee spot on my pants. Well, just going to have to wait till I get home, or it get's dark. At least in the cover of darkness I could run to a bush. So I'm in it for the long haul. Worst that could happen is I'd warm up my pants for a bit right?

About an hour goes I'm coming into my city, about 10 minutes from my destination. surprised the traffic isn't terrible, but really needing to pee badly again. The fact that my pants were still pretty damp somehow made it worse. I get to my exit. Every stop I make I feel like I'm going to burst again. I'm literally turning into my complex when I feel some myself start to leak. it wasn't the full blast like last time, but I realize I can't wait. I whip into my spot barely getting it into park as I jump out of my car, take a quick look around Fortunately at this point it was dark, my spot is pretty well hidden and nobody was around. 

Flood gates are opened, I stand there fully clothed, shoes and all just soaking my pants. After sitting there in my cold clammy pants for the past hour and a half the warmth feels incredible. I think I just stood there next to my car in the dark pissing my pants for almost an entire minute, maybe more. at that point I snap back to reality, run to my apartment and fumbled to get the door open. (Not that it'd made a difference, my pants were so soaked I don't think there was a dry patch on them.

Literally peel my clothes off of myself, throw them in the washer right away. wank (god damn I had to at that point), Get a hot shower, which felt especially blissful. Immediately cover my car seat in a trash bag and drive it to the car wash. I think I spent 2 hours just going over the seat and carpet wish my little steam cleaner. (Bissel spotclean which I literally just got, it's awesome actually)

As embarrassing as it was, it made the otherwise boring drive very interesting, and it was fun to feel myself have not one but two actual accidents.

TLDR Too much coffee before a long drive, and pissed myself while stuck in traffic twice. Cheers :3

*002*2020-01-02 05:41

{{10 hours ago, Selena Luna said:

Wonderful story! Thank you so much for sharing. Do you keep an empty bottle in your car now for 'just in case' now?

}}

I was sure to this year

$

