First-Time Flyer

Author: Atnite

*000*2017-04-13 03:22

Ok so before I start, Flyer here in the title refers to my first time wetting. I was not on a plane.

Today was my first time wetting myself, truly wetting myself. Not contained, planned but not organized. I have wet before, almost always when getting in the shower (so I could clean myself off afterwards). My Dad got a new job and works weird hours, and my Mom left us recently, which leaves me with a lot of free time alone (I am currently looking for a Job). I am 18 and Male, (straight if that matters), and I haven't told anyone I enjoy wetting myself. One of my ex's knows that I enjoy girls wetting their pants, but not even she knows that I enjoy doing it myself. So after 3 20 oz. bottles of water, an hour and a half of "The Amazing World of Gumball", and stripping down to just my underwear (and a partially inflated beach ball inside my underwear. It feels great to pee with that btw)

I was ready. I wasn't really sure how to go about this so I just decided that I should just try to relax everything (because I was seriously bursting and trying hard to hold on). Then it hit me: just let it out. Like taking off a bandaid. Just go for it. Like I said, I've wet before, almost always when getting in the shower so with no drain for the pee I was kinda worried. 

After 30 minutes of trying to pee I got cold feet and said "F*** it, I'm just gonna go pee in the toilet I'll try this again later." I got into the bathroom (about 2 steps in) and I felt a spurt as my bladder was trying to break the dam. I just kinda released and peed myself standing there. It felt better than in the shower, more freeing and definitely more relieving. After I cleaned myself off (and my underwear and beach ball too) I went back to watching cartoons, knowing that a victory was won for me today. I am ok with who I am, but I'm afraid other people won't accept me, and I'm afraid to tell this to anyone except for in anon form.

Anyways thanks for reading my story, and if you can help me with my dilemma of feeling like an outcast, please do. Thanks!

*005*2017-04-14 15:34

{{On 4/13/2017 at 10:45 AM, BENAir01 said:

I'm not sore if this will help, but in some way or another everyone Idan outcast. There is probably no one on this planet who is "average" in every way. Everyone has their unique things, their differences. I have my fair share, not j my being into omo but also being queer, slightly genderqueer, Jewish/atheist, I look young for my age, I have mental health issues, etc. But I'm perfectly fine with it.

By the way great story

}}

It did help, and thank you for the feedback! I guess I shouldn't be so scared but I've always had self esteem issues, and anything that makes me more "not the norm" doesn't do well for my anxiety or depression, except for this. I feel great after Omo play (like I said, before a shower was always fun) but this felt even better.

*009*2017-04-16 04:06

{{8 hours ago, LunasAuditor said:

As for the wetting, if you can hold long enough to properly lose control that's awesome fun but it's also one of the things I find hardest without someone holding along with me to help give me a competitive reason to hold past the point of voluntarily quitting... Otherwise I found the best way to break the "No-peeing" attitude your mind gets into is to imagine you're peeing in the toilet so it tricks your subconscious into thinking it's OK... Alternatively I've heard lots of people suggesting you wet yourself in view of the toilet at first (like I guess you did!) in order to similarly trick yourself into thinking it's OK...

}}

Yea lol. It was kinda crazy it was like my brain was like "good, we are saved" and let out then. Idk what happened, it felt great and turned me on a lot lol. I am probably gonna try again tonight or tomorrow night to just lose it again, since it makes me feel so good.

