Rare (for me) accidental wetting

Author: kumari

*000*2017-12-24 11:30

So I've been lurking on here for years now, without ever posting much (though I do message a few people sometimes). Like many folks on this site, I do deliberately hold and also wet sometimes - but this isn't one of those stories.

A few weeks back, I was in Kolkata for some personal work and on my last day there I had a few things to pick up from Rajarhat (which is an area I'm totally unfamiliar with). Anyway, I finished with all that in the afternoon, and then opened Zomato to find someplace nearby for lunch since I'm so clueless about that part of town. I ended up seeing that there was a microbrewery nearby and that was relatively cheap (so far as these things go in India), so I thought I'd go for a drink since I don't usually run across alcohol that I actually like here.

I ordered for a beer, and probably sat there alone for an hour and a half before deciding to leave - my friend's place was about an hour away with traffic and so I thought I'd use the loo before going, seeing that I was slightly tipsy and also because wetting myself on a bus wasn't really part of my plans for the day.

The bus stop was maybe a ten minute walk away from the pub, and even on the way I started feeling a slight urge to pee again already. I was okay then though, and thought I could make it back without leaking - there was one small errand that I had left, but that was anyway near where I was staying. Anyway I didn't have to stand on the bus, so that was better.

The urge itself was pretty manageable until I almost reached where I had to get down, and as I was walking I realised that things were getting really urgent but anyway I thought that I could hold it for a bit longer - enough time to deal with my errand and maybe have tea or grab something to eat. That was clearly a slight case of misjudgement, because after finishing with the errand I decided to rush back as quickly as possible. It was dark by then and I was wearing a knee-length kurti and maroon leggings, so while it would have definitely shown in the daylight if I totally lost control nothing would be obvious then.

By the time I got the street where my friend lives, I was genuinely worried that I wouldn't make it and the urge was increasing by the minute. I finally made it to the door, rang the bell, and almost lost it right there while waiting for the ten or so seconds that it took for her to come to the door - I was wearing a bangle which ended up being shattered as I moved my hand away from the doorbell and shoved it in my crotch.

I rushed in the door and thought I'd go downstairs to the room that I was staying in to keep my bags and coat, because what difference would it make? I was back, I only had to wait a minute, and started heading down. That was clearly a misjudgement since I only made it halfway before I felt a spurt come out - enough that it wet the inner part of my thigh, but wouldn't be visible thanks to the long kurti.

Obviously, that took me by surprise and so I threw my bags down right there and ran into the washroom and latched the door, seemingly close enough to relief that everything seemed fine (except another spurt came out). But it wasn't - the combination of reaching up to latch the door and the thought of relief made it impossible to hold any longer. I started peeing right there and quickly rushed to the toilet and yanked down my leggings and sat down. The relief was amazing, but I knew I'd have to change after and this was kind of annoying since I had to go out again.

Only after did I realise how much I actually peed myself - the crotch of my leggings was soaked and on one side the wet patch extended down the seam all the way to the ankle and to the knee on the other. Somehow I made it downstairs without my friend noticing (and she didn't say anything later).

I have sort of an overactive bladder anyway, and cold/AC makes me have to get up and pee like every half hour but I rarely have accidents (although this might explain my omo fetish) ... but this is still so interesting to think about because it was totally unintentional.

*003*2018-06-13 18:11

{{On 1/27/2018 at 4:27 PM, Ranganath said:

That was really great kumari!

}}

Thanks.

