Drag wetting

Author: StormrReaper

*000*2017-11-05 23:42

Okay so I work at a drag bar, and it pays well plus being 18 it is a nice little gig. So for a halloween special the manager had us dress in cosplay so i dressed up as a gothic lolita. i have natural brown hair that is in a short ponytail. miscolored green and hazel eyes. my body type is slim i only weigh 140lbs at 5foot 11inches.

Anyway I'm nearing the end of my shift and counting the tips for the night when this man approaches me. He was probably mid 30's shorter than me but not by much, looked kinda out of place. He had dyed hair that was blue fading out into a metallic silver. and a fairly attractive face. We chat for a minute when he asks if he can have an hour of private time. I tell him the standard fare and he pays so we go into the booth.

At this point if i had to estimate i was a 7-10 on needing to pee. Im trying to keep character as best as i can when he pulls out 2 card boxes and says "I want you to play magic the gathering with me until you piss yourself. Now I'm a nerd so i know how to play but, i was thrown through the loop. Like why would he want me just to pee myself and play magic. Alright, we begin he has a fairly simple deck black/green trample death. He gave me a white bird deck, which was kinda cool. we played for about 30 minutes my bladder ever stretching to its absolute limits. I had never had to pee so bad i could feel it begging to come out. I told him i was very close to wetting was he sure he wanted this?

He said yes. and we continued playing magic the gathering 15 minutes pass when i start to leak, I grab myself quickly trying to contain the flow. My panties were drenched... there was at this point a small wet spot on my skirt. but I knew i had 15 more minutes of this, if i could last i could go to the bathroom because his time ran out. And I was now 30 minutes over my shift.

Well, 5 minutes another leak, i let out a small feminine moan and try to stop it. but, not this time. I'm peeing its doing down my leg i stand up and lift the skirt to show him and he watches enthralled. I was embarrassed but very aroused.

When i finished wetting myself *DING* time was over. He confessed he was straight but had a fetish for guys wetting and tipped me 50 bucks. He also let me keep the deck and kissed my forehead then left. I cleaned up the booth, went to the back room and showered. Got in my normal attire. Sam, one of the females saw my erection through my boxers as i was getting dressed and asked if it was really that good of a night? I was too flustered still to give a proper reply.

I wouldnt see him again, i still work there. I had never had to hold myself like that and it was amazing I went home and relieved my need.

I hope u enjoyed this is my first experience I've shared so I am worried that its hard to understand...

