Wetting during DofE expedition

Author: incog

*000*2021-05-18 01:51

After lurking for several years on this forum, I would like to recount my true wetting experience, which happened when I was 16 and participating in a Duke of Edinburgh expedition. On the day in question, my group was due to hike between two campsites in the lake district, which would take around seven hours. If I was hiking alone, I would have no qualms about discreetly relieving myself outdoors, but at the time I was very shy in group situations. My group consisted of three boys and three girls, and while we were all good friends, the prospect of announcing to them that I needed to pee and having them stop and wait for me was too embarrassing to consider. So I had to hold it.

This wasn't the first expedition that we'd been on and I'd never had any difficulty in hanging on before - I think previously I must have just sweated out everything that I'd drank. As a result, I wasn't even thinking about the possibility of needing to pee when we set off and I began drinking my 2 litre bottle of water. With about four hours left to go, I could feel a building pressure in my bladder. Nothing to worry about yet but, had I been at home, I would have popped to the loo. Around this time, one of the girls announced that she needed to pee. The group stopped and I watched as she trudged towards a ridge, which she squatted behind, out of sight, to relieve herself. She had to walk quite a distance, and kept glancing over her shoulder to check whether she was still in our line of sight. All of this time, I was contemplating quietly slipping away as well, but I just couldn't bring myself to do it. Besides, it wasn't urgent yet.

Another hour went by and I was becoming increasingly uncomfortable, with the ache in my bladder never far from my mind. It became apparent that several people were in a similar situation, the difference being that they had no trouble in vocalising their discomfort. We soon reached a branch in the path with trees on all sides and it was collectively decided that we would stop for a pee break. One by one, the others ditched their heavy rucksacks on the ground and darted amongst the trees to find somewhere to hide.

At this point there was only me and another boy (who I had a massive crush on) left standing by the bags. Due to my increasing desperation, I decided that as soon as he disappeared into the undergrowth, I would pee as quickly as possible, hopefully returning before any of the others got back. But then he said "so it looks like we're the only ones that don't need to go", and all I could do was nod, inwardly cursing. If admitting that I needed to pee was embarrassing, going back on my answer would be worse, so I was now committed to holding it.

We kept walking and the pressure in my bladder kept building. We were about an hour from our destination and my situation was becomingly increasingly dire. I couldn't concentrate on anything except keeping my muscles clenched. Usually I was the fastest walker in the group and would lead the way, but I slipped to the back of the group so that no-one would notice my increasingly strange behaviour. By this point I couldn't walk normally - I was having to hunch over to reduce the pressure and occasionally stop to squeeze my thighs together to stave of a possible leak. But I still didn't consider the possibility that I might wet myself - I thought it was just a matter of persevering through the pain and waiting out the remaining hour.

With half an hour to go, the exertion from holding was getting to me. I sweating and shaking and grinding my teeth in pain. At this point, I had long since stopped joining in with the conversation and felt mildly nauseous. We were about to climb the final hill of the journey, so the group decided it was a good time to have a rest, so we all sat down in the grass. Unable to sit still, I folded my foot underneath myself and ground my crotch into my boot. There was a thick hedge close to where we sat and I stared longingly at it. This was the most desperate I had ever been to pee in my life and all I needed to do was hobble behind the hedge and let it all go. Logically, I knew no-one else would give a shit, but shyness kept me squirming in my spot, fantasising about the relief that could be had, until everyone started standing up to leave.

As I stood up, my bladder felt numb and my legs shook. I knew almost immediately that I had made a terrible mistake. Once again I took my place at the back of the group, but we hadn't moved more than a couple of paces when my exhausted muscles gave in. Without warning my body started involuntarily releasing the contents of my bladder at full force. Hot piss flooded down my trousers, and I quickly crossed my legs, managing to stem the flow after a second or so. My stance was stopping any more pee from coming out, but it was too late. The pee was already in my urethra and I could feel my muscles bearing down, trying to push more out.

As soon as I uncrossed my legs, I knew I would wet myself completely. The group had continued walking and was starting to leave me behind. My biggest fear was that someone would turn around and see me in this moment of maximum humiliation - bent double, unable to move, with wet streaks down both legs. My trousers were pale grey so showed the wetness clearly. With no other option and just wanting the pain to stop, I straightened up and relaxed. What felt like gallons of hot pee flowed down my legs and filled my shoes, while I shuddered in relief. With the pain gone, I hurried to catch up with the rest of my team, just as the panic about how I was going to hide my accident set in. 

Fortunately, it had rained recently and we were walking through long, wet grass. I decided to deliberately fall over, hopefully saturating my trousers with water. Amazingly, this was successful and, as far as I am aware, no-one ever noticed my accident, thus rendering it a much less humiliating experience than it could have been.

At the time, I definitely did not enjoy this experience, but Christ am I rock hard writing this account. Would love to hear from anyone else that has related experiences to share

