Public wetting

Author: Timtin9444

*000*2020-01-27 00:02

So I have been a wetting since middle school but only until now have I wet in public twice. This time was different I was going to actually fully pee my pants in a public place, now I am still easing my way into it so I wore navy colored pants and went out to the downtown area in which I live, on public transportation after sundown. This form of public transportation is a well lit subway train so the damage would be seen but it’s a Sunday the train will be empty I was thinking... I drank a liter of water and set off to the station. The train arrived with only 2 other people in the car so it confirmed what I thought that the train was going to be empty. I made it to the downtown area with just a very slight urge nothing to be worried about so I walked around to kill time further and further away from the train station. 

I walked to the main square (This is Europe BTW) which had a fair amount of people but it was dark with the occasional light post. The urge built so I figured I’d put myself through a series of challenges. I wasn’t bursting but I was at a level where I would normally head to the Bathroom probably like a 7 out of 10. So as I was saying I started my challenges, they consisted of using my environment around me for how long I would relax, push, or hold my bladder. I was walking and walking and if I passed someone with glasses, I would relax my bladder for 10 seconds or I would have to relax until the walk sign illuminated at a crosswalk etc. So I did this for a couple times and this really made me desperate. My first spurt happened when a group of people were walking opposite me.

The challenge was, relax until they pass me. We were closing on each other when they stopped to look at something in the window of a business and well a challenge is a challenge and I ended up wetting for about a second or two which was definitely enough to create a wet patch about 7 inches down the right side of my navy pants and make me way more desperate then I bargained for. Side note; I wore navy pants in hopes to hide my wetting and at this moment I realized that they are NOT good for that at all.... Anyway my bladder was now very unhappy with the challenges I had been doing and was now at about a 9 out of 10. 

At this point I am rethinking my whole situation here because after seeing how obvious my wet pants look. I was thinking I am not quite ready to fully let go in public and my bladder was about to make that decision for me. So I turned back towards the train station in hopes I would make it back before I totally wet myself. As I was walking the distance the urge to pee was building. I was starting to come to the realization that I am probably not going to make it to the train let alone make it the whole ride back to my home. But I continued to walk.

The pressure was building as I had to fight through wave after wave of desperation. I so wanted to grab my crotch so bad but I didn’t want people to see me doing that so I soldiered on using muscles alone. With about still a 3 minute walk I had to do something different because I was about to burst. I decided to stop walking which only made the situation worse. Now I knew I wasn’t making it to the train so I was trying to find a route that didn’t have many people on it in case the inevitable occurs and boy did it. 

My bladder was just about to give out I could feel my muscles starting to twitch and give way. I turned the street to find a group of people I am now in full panic mode, you now the feeling when you’re bursting and you are trying to put a key into a lock at the front door but are overwhelmed by the urge or fighting off your belt in front of the toilet that is how I was feeling but I was in approaching a group of people and not in the safety of my bathroom! As I was approaching my bladder could not take it anymore and let out an involuntary spurt for a couple seconds I stopped to attempt to regain control! I could feel the warmth trickling down to my knee but I didn’t dare look to draw attention. Once I regained control I started walking again but my bladder once again didn’t want to bear the load any longer. As a guy, I have never had this happen to me but my bladder let go and would not stop!

Pee was trickling down the right side of my leg continuously into my shoe forming a trail of wet footprints. My shoes started to make a squishing noise with every step. Now here I am walking past these people, Squish squashing on by. The damage was done and I was still going! I didn’t even fight it because the relief temporarily out weighed the embarrassment, I just continued to walk, acting like wasn’t pissing myself in front of a crowd of people. As I passed I didn’t look to see if anyone was looking but I am confident that someone saw (or heard) the fact that I was creating a trail of pee. I now really wanted to take the paths less traveled but as I was walking I occurred to me that I still have to get on a well lit train after waiting at a well lit station.

I made it to the stairs that lead to the underground station and looked down to survey the damage before I entered and the situation was dire my pants were soaked and still glistening with wetness. My Suede shoe was clearly wet and this didn’t look at all like I merely spilt my drink. No, if someone saw which it was hard not to, they would know exactly what happened. I stood there building up the courage and began to slowly walk down the stairs only to be met with a unusually crowded station! how could this be there were 2 people on the train on the way out here! I couldn’t turn back and camp out side! It was freezing and I had to get back, so I had to face the crowd.

I walked in acting like everything was normal, as I said earlier I am in Europe and do not speak the local language so I was probably spared from hearing some comments. I also didn’t dare make eye contact with anyone to give me any indication that anyone noticed, but there I was in a crowd of people in soaked pants. all the while, deep beneath the embarrassment I was exhilarated I had done it. Well, I chickened out but it happened anyway! The train arrived also filled with people.... and I rode all the way back to my home station I had another urge to pee and thought well my pants are already soaked so I might as well let it rip and I wet my pants again on my walk home.... and that was how my Sunday evening went.

*002*2020-01-27 00:41

{{21 minutes ago, StubbornBunny said:

That was a great story! Do you think you'll do another public hold/wetting? It's a very nerve wrecking thought to me, the thought that someone might see me and recognize me while i've wet myself in public!

}}

I do a lot more public holds but unfortunately they don’t usually turn out to be wettings for the same reason you just said! But of course this public wetting will not be the last! I usually go far away from where I am staying and that is the best environment for me to just say to myself “I will never see these people again” and hopefully muster the courage to wet in public. You can also find some daring videos of other public wettings. Another good trick is to wet in a bathroom stall it gives you time to think of how you are going to approach walking back into public. These are all things I have tried to help me wet in public the few times I have. Happy wetting!

