Peed a Puddle on the Roadside

Author: lizzybee

*000*2021-04-15 21:15

Hey everyone! Sorry it’s been a while but the winter months were crazy with work, school, and family. The most recent thing eating up my schedule is a move about two states south (US, East Coast) and as a result, I’ve been spending a few days each week in where I’m moving from and where I’m moving to, which also means I’m making the roughly 350 mile/560 km drive at least once a week.

The good thing about this long drive is that significant stretches of it are on highways through the middle of nowhere, which means I can drive at fairly high speeds with minimal traffic.

It’s also a fun opportunity for me to hold, then practice using my pStyle, or get more comfortable “letting go” in public. Despite my love of naughty public peeing, I’m a very anxious person so even when my back teeth are floating, I sometimes “lock up.” Nothing comes out even if I was literally leaking in my panties just seconds prior.

I’ve been trying to be good about drinking enough water and by keeping a case of bottled water in the car, it’s easy to sip down three or four early in the drive without even thinking about it. Add my bad habit of a giant Coca-Cola and it’s no time at all before I’ve gotta pee.

I usually let it build up to the point of “I should really probably look for a bathroom;” not quite desperate but enough to feel full, then I’ll pull over, use my little SUV and open its doors as cover, and pee right there on the shoulder as traffic keeps flying by.

If you’re curious about what I look like, I’m of average height (5’5”-ish) and a bit on the heavy side (my health has me fluctuating between 210 and 235.) I’m super fair skinned with bright green eyes, glasses, and dark brown hair. I have a few tattoos on my arms, two lip piercings, and a nose ring.

So today I was headed south and just a little off my usual schedule. I typically leave either very early or very late but left mid-morning and without filling the gas tank on the way out of town. So I stopped to fill the car and snag a second heavily caffeinated beverage earlier than I usually plan to. I typically reach a good level of urgency by the time I hit the interstate about 100 miles from my destination. The interstate has a nice, wide, paved shoulder and minimal exits or signs of civilization.

The last hour or so of the trip before you get to the interstate snakes through several small towns. There are no shoulders, short turn lanes, and anywhere you might be able to get the car off the road, there’s usually a cop setting up a speed trap, a cluster of homes, or a tiny strip mall with at least one place to urinate “properly.”

Basically, absolutely no where great to pee in the stretch leading up to the interstate.

I was wearing patterned cotton yoga pants from Walmart and an old, soft fitted tee. It’s not “hot” yet but distinctly sticky and humid so I immediately started chugging water this morning. Loading up on cool water was a refreshing start to the day and kept me nice and comfortable, all the way through the first state.

At the state line, roughly the halfway point, I had consumed two bottles of water, and a 32oz Coke. I had a vague sensation that I might need to go in a few hours but nothing major. Grabbed an energy drink, gassed the car, and kept moving.

I had at least another bottle of water in the next half hour and had started on a second (4th overall.) I take Route 95 the first 50 or so miles in the state before I make a bunch of little jig-jogs through the backcountry to reach the interstate that takes me to my new hometown. I always think the part on 95 is longer than it is, and the little stretches of country road shorter than they are.

About halfway down 95, it hit me like a truck. All those fluids caught up to me and I had to pee! But I could totally hold it! The highway is easy and those little back roads were nothing.

Yeah, nothing...just twenty miles here, twelve miles there, five miles with a bunch of stop lights, nine miles with a wreck causing rubbernecking, and a final twenty-one miles to the interstate.

Every. Single, Time. I caught myself thinking; this is it, the home stretch. Get your pStyle out, have it ready, start eyeballing for where the shoulder starts. You got this.

I could feel the little tingles in my pussy, tight around the tiny hole of my urethra as I clenched hard with every wave of need. I had that little sensation of warmth that sits right behind your peehole and then wraps up and behind your clit, half pressure, half pleasure.

Every mile it got harder. It got closer to that fine line between pleasure and actual pain and in the final few minutes leading up to the interstate, I honestly had moments where I thought I was going to pee my pants. It wouldn’t have been too terrible with how patterned the pants were and my black car seats but I really didn’t want to pee myself while driving.

I rarely verbalize my desperation aloud but I was whining this last mile or so “I have to pee, I have to pee, I have to peeee.”

Finally, the blessed left turn. I nearly rear ended a truck slamming on my brakes. Everyone was playing polite gentlemen with who had right-of-way and I just wanted to lie on the horn and cry.

I couldn’t wait any more. I immediately pulled onto the gravel shoulder of the ramp and put my flashers on.

I knew this wouldn’t be a good time to practice the pStyle, I just had to piss as soon as humanly possible.

There were still cars going by as I hopped out, scrambled around the car and yanked the passenger side doors open.

There was a semi-truck passing behind me that could probably see everything but I immediately pulled my pants down, squatted, and...nothing.

My bladder had been holding on for so long that it didn’t want to let anything out.

So there I was on the side of the road, waiting, waiting, great pale behind exposed to the open air until finally a trickle pushed its way out and then the flood.

I peed for a solid minute and it felt incredible. If I hadn’t been on a time crunch, I think I would have followed it up with some fun time of a different variety to reward my lady bits for working so hard. But alas, I was on a time crunch. So onwards I went, leaving a puddle* in the dirt behind.

*(Whatever that wire/tape looking thing was was already on the ground, I wasn’t looking where I was peeing, I just had to piss. And yes, that is a standing puddle in bone dry dirt—I had to GO!)

$$

