A Wet End to a Road Trip

Author: jayjayjay123

*000*2019-06-13 01:57

Last month I was out on a road trip through the Nevada desert with a couple of friends. Of course long car rides are always torture on my bladder, so I made sure to limit my liquids, as I didn't want to completely pee all over the back seat of my friend's car. Usually on long car rides I like to wear a male sanitary pad, as they are discreet, but offer a surprising amount of protection. Our check out process was a little disordered, so I missed my opportunity to put on my pad before we left. The last leg of the trip proper was from around Area 51 to Vegas, and after about thirty minutes in I was feeling the pressure.

By the time we made it to Vegas I was squirming like a little child in my seat. I wanted to stop at a gas station, but my friend didn't want to stop until we made it to her home. When we got there I ran out of the car, and even though I was the lone male in our group I rushed into the restroom first. Before I could get my pants off a couple of spurts came out, soaking into my underwear, but luckily I was able to stop it before my jeans got wet.

After that we hung out for a little bit then my friend and I moved our stuff into my car and we drove home. Of course this time I made sure to wear my pad. My other two friends live in Orange County, but I live in L.A. I had picked them up so we could drive together but now I had to drive them back home then up to L.A. all in the same night. The ride to Orange County was uneventful, and there were plenty of places to stop to pee along the way.

By the time I dropped them off, it was pretty late, and I was tired I decided it was worth the risk so I picked up a coffee from Starbucks. If you aren't familiar with the area, even though Orange County and L.A. are pretty close, there is always traffic slowing things way down, and along the stretch of highway I was taking there weren't many places to easily stop to pee. Once again less than a half hour in I was feeling the pressure. I was driving and squirming, squirming and driving. I even rubbed the back of my leg because I hear that helps, it didn't. I couple of times I went over a bump and a little bit would spurt out. It was two hours before I made it home.

As soon as I jumped out of my car the spigot turned on. I stood there clenching my legs and and I was able to stem the flow a bit, but between each step, more and more wetness forced it's way into the pad. When I got to my door the spigot turned on again, and I had no choice in the matter as I got wetter and wetter while opening my front door. Once again as I walked to the potty between each step more and more came out. I was worried it was going to leak on to the floor. Of course the moment I steeped into the restroom the flood gates completely opened. I got my jeans off but didn't even bother pulling down my underwear as I sat down on the toilet.

I felt the urine flow into the pad then, as the poor thing became over saturated, then pool around my but, and finally leak into the toilet. By this time my bladder was so worn out, that I couldn't even force it out. I had no choice but to sit there like a little child, and wait for my bladder to empty itself. I sat there feeling small, and helpless, the scent of my urine bringing back the memories, and shame of all the other times I failed at this most basic of things. When it was finally over I examined the damage. Luckily before I made it to the toilet the pad had managed to hold it all in, but the back of my underwear was completely soaked, and the pad was now at least four times the thickness and ten times the weight. So that is how my road trip ended, not with a bang, but with my whimper.

