PJ wetting

Author: JustYui

*000*2016-07-25 05:16

Aight boys & girls, story time. There are three things I don't usually do. Post new threads in forums, post on this particular forum, and piss myself. I'll be doing two of those things now, as I did the third about an hour ago.

So first, some context. Until tonight, I owned a brown & white pair of PJs that looked like they were meant to resemble smores at first glance, but are actually made up of lots of deer. I had these PJs for quite some time and they'd been through some shit (not actual shit), and eventually something in the waistband fucked up. From this stemmed a trio of problems that cascaded from one another. First, this meant I had to tie the strings (for lack of a better term that I know of) to keep them on my body. Second, I don't know how to tie a knot, even at my age. Third, while anyone can double-knot something, undoing the knot is a different story, and the PJs were hard to put on or take off. I decided last night that they had to be thrown out, which leads to tonight's experience.

When I woke up this morning, I took tonight's plan into consideration. Other than quickly voiding my bladder and brushing my teeth after breakfast, I did not take a single trip to the bathroom. Hours ticked on and on, and at about 11PM, I decided it was time. Now, I'm not a very big omo fan; I mostly come here for the diaper content, and my likings for wetting become very weak if diapers aren't somehow involved. However, when I see a golden opportunity like this, I simply can't pass it up. I went into the bathroom to shower, business as usual (except I usually do this in the mornings), then put myself to work.

Y'all probably won't get much a kick out of hearing this, but I wasn't really desperate; there was kind of a twinge down there telling me I had to go, but that was the extent of it. The only thing I had to drink over the day was a couple glasses of milk, and I don't get a lot of physical activity in my usual day. Maybe I've got a large bladder too, but I don't know how one would go about quantifying that. However, I digress. I stepped into the shower, and before turning the water on, released the contents of my bladder. I'm not good at descriptions, so bear with me here. All I could really feel was the warmth and wetness rushing out of my body, down my legs, and out the bottom of my pants to go into the drain. I wanna guess it lasted a good five, six seconds? There wasn't much in there, like I said. That said, it was a very enjoyable five or six seconds.

Afterwards, I turned the shower water on and let it get my pants good and wet just so it would disguise any stains. Then I showered, and took a short break before writing this story because why the hell not? I'm a member here so I may as well share when I do something like this, absurdly rare though it may be.

