American Football holding challenge

Author: Scalar

*000*2020-03-08 23:03

Okay so, since I am a huge Football fan, I thought about creating a holding challenge which is connected to a football game. So after gathering a little bit of ideas and encouragement, I finally decided to post it here. This is my first real post on here, all the others were in Live Action, so if this is bad, please tell me your ideas to make it better or if this post breaks any rules, please tell me and/or delete it Thanks

Ps. I tried my best, but since English is not my first language, please tell me if things sound weird lol

0. So, the basic idea is to start 2 hours before the game starts, since a normale game takes around 4 hours, which would be a little to short. Empty your bladder one last time, because you wont be able to go till the game is over.

1. Do whatever you please until the game starts. Play video games, go on walk or shopping or watch Netflix or whatever. The only thing you need to do is drink 1 glass of water (0,3 liters) immediately after you went to the toilet and another glass one hour later. Nothing else

2. Basic Rules of drinking:

- 1 Glass (reminder: 0,3 liters) of water at the beginning of every quater

- 2 Glasses of water for every touchdown

- 1 Glass of water for every fieldgoal

- 1 Glass of water every interception and fumble

3. Basic rules of exercise:

- Extra Point: Push on bladder HARD for 30 seconds

- 2-Point conversion: Push on bladder medium strengh for 1 minute

- Blocked Punt/Blocked Fieldgoal/Safety: No holding for one minute, stand up, legs wide apart, relax all muscels

- Every timeout called: 10 jumping jacks/10 push ups/10 sit-ups (your choice)

Now, you can do only those basic challenges, but since I know there are a lot of brutal people with iron bladders on here, here are some additional challenges to make it harder.

4. Extra rules:

- Drink another glass of water every hour (if you are extreme every 30 minutes, your choice)

- You can hold yourself all you want during first half, in the thrid quater you are not allowed to cross your legs. In the last quater you cant hold yourself at all besides jiggling

- Every time there is a flag thrown, lay down on the floor, put a fist under your bladder, put your legs behind your back so your fist pushes directly into your bladder. Do that for 15 seconds every time

As I saidd, this is my first challenge I ever created, so tell me if it is too Hard or too easy. Feel free to post down in the comments down here or dm me what your expierences were. I know its not NFL season, but we have the XFL right now sooo...

