3 Hour Car Ride Desperation (Male)

Author: laughingfood

*000*2010-10-16 22:22

Name: Ben

Sex: Male

Orientation: Straight

Age: 19

Wearing: Blue jeans, blue boxer briefs, leather belt, red T-shirt.

First time I've posted one of these stories, but this literally JUST happened so it's fresh in my mind. Sorry if I'm rambling a bit or don't use sufficient descriptive words, but this is my first time accurately describing one of the stories so... just bear with me.

I was about 3 hours away from home visiting with extended family, actually having spent the night over there last night. This morning we were getting ready to leave and were saying our goodbyes. I don't usually drink much soda, but I'd just had a Coke Zero as we were leaving. I grabbed a second one for the road and crammed myself in the van with my sisters. After a slow start, we began moving and I drank my second coke before long. Apparently, my mom had packed a Dr. Pepper for me as well, and I didn't know about this. Seeing how Dr. Pepper is probably my favorite soda, I waited a bit before having it. There were also no plans to stop the whole way home, so I wasn't really thinking when I took the Dr. Pepper around the last hour and a half or so. Combined with all the liquids I had, I don't think my bladder is really the biggest one in the world. xD

Needless to say, as I was listening to my mp3 player and playing some Pokemon (booya) I realized I really had to go pee, but I remained quiet. I thought we were close to home and figured I could make it until then. After a few minutes, and shutting off my game because it was getting hard to concentrate, my bladder started to hurt. I had a pillow in my lap so I used it to cover myself as I grabbed my crotch hoping to hold back the urge to pee. I finally asked my sister, who was driving at the time, how long it was before we got back home. Turns out we still had 20 minutes left and there was nowhere to stop until we reached our hometown.

I cringe at the thought of having to wait so long and turn my Mp3 player to some power metal to get my mind of things. Unfortunately, it didn't really help, so I switch to some quieter ambient music to get my mind off things. Definitely didn't help. I just shut off my mp3 player and stuffed it in my pocket. Now I REALLY had to go, beyond the point I usually let myself wait. I was seriously considering either pulling out a bottle or just wetting myself, but I couldn't bring myself to let that happen with 3 of my siblings in the car. They'd never let me live it down.

I unfastened my belt and pulled it from my pants, hopefully to relieve any pressure that it might have been putting on my bladder. I wrung it anxiously in my hands as I suddenly decided this was probably the worst I've ever had to pee in my entire life, even worse than that time I was at the climax of the Two Towers and refused to leave before I saw the whole thing (the one event that made me decide never to drink a large cup of anything in a movie theater again).

At this point, I decided that no matter the outcome I was posting this on this forum. xD

So as I secretly rubbed myself, I tried to imagine a hot girl who had to pee just as much as I did. It helped entertain my mind and I'd decided that if I managed to hold it all the way home, when I peed on the toilet she would wet herself. If I peed my pants, she would end up mocking me or something. Kinda a little motivation I gave myself. lol

As we hit the street we lived on, we luckily hit all the green lights. I knew without a doubt that if I hit even one red light it was over. My sister offered to pull over at a gas station, but I knew that if I wet myself I'd definitely not want to do it in a public place. Finally, we pulled up to our driveway and my mom was kind enough to activate the garage door as we were pulling in. I bolted from the van, leaving my stuff behind as the car was still moving. I ducked under the garage door and began to undo my pants as I ran into the house. They were already around my hips as I bolted into the bathroom. I briefly considered wetting myself to give this story a more satisfying ending when I told it here, but then there was that imaginary girl in my head holding back just as desperately as I was. I had to see her soak her tight leggings.

So I pulled down my blue boxer-briefs, and let it out. And WOW it was so relieving. Sat there for who knows how long just listening to the sound of babbling liquid. Simultaneously, I imagined the girl wetting herself... though was mostly just relieved to... well... relieve myself. As I finished up, it dawned on me that I don't think I'd ever seen a video of a girl wetting herself for nearly as long as I just had peed. I know guys naturally have bigger bladders than girls, but still. Heh.

So that's my desperation story. True story, at that. Kinda crazy. Haha

And... as a reward for my bravery and intense pee-holding powers, anyone reading this story have any exceptionally awesome female wetting videos to share? I feel like I gotta reward myself or something.

