Trying to get my wife into pool peeing

Author: Shardes

*000*2022-07-20 00:45

Hi, first post here, I'm trying my best so please notify me of anything poorly done that could be out of the rules. I won't go too far into my backstory, let's just say I'm a man, and I guess I have a fetish of peeing in pools, beach, — anything somewhat related to swimsuit and bodies of water.

Let's go to the story.

***

Last week we went to the pool, because my wife wanted to swim. She's decently fit cause she hit the gym about twice a week but with the summer going on, she wanted to do something different and more refreshing. She has a decent experience with swimming so it's on a "I'm gonna swim a mile" level. Personally, I'm not a swim guy, well, not for the sport part at least. Anyway she asked me if I wanted to come along, at least to chill and tan a bit after she made her sport session. With some vague fantasies in my mind I accepted, knowing that those thoughts would stay thoughts.

Arrived at the pool, she began to swim as planned while I was watching her and enjoyed the sun in a corner of the pool. For reference, this is a public outdoor pool where half the pool is dedicated to swimmers, and the other half is free for "non-lane-swimmer" to enjoy.

A moment later (about 45 min later maybe), about when my wife was about to finish her swim session, she came toward me in a hurry, and as she passed next to me, she told me that she was bursting for a wee and that she had to rush to the toilets. She came this way because I was next to the exit. She quickly get out of the pool and proceed to go to said toilets. Since she has a small bladder, her needed to pee wasn't that shocking. I was dying to tell her to just go here in the pool, but didn't had the courage to. As she went to the toilets, I was hating myself for the golden missed chance. Some minutes later, she came back, finished her swim session and we went back to our towels, to tan a little bit.

As you may have understood, she isn't into omo, maybe she does not even know that kind of thing exists. But I can't stop fantasizing that she may one day pee in the pool close to me. Anyway, later still at our towels spot, we were almost dry and began to pack our things. Then, we left and got back home. I was satisfied of the afternoon, but still regretful of the missed opportunity.

Later that evening, the topic of the afternoon pool's trip came by as my wife was pleased with her sport session. I jumped on that subject and told her that she kinda scared me when she came rushing with an emergency look. She explained me that basically she was about to wet herself in the pool, hence the rush. This time, feeling my heart accelerating, I told her nonchalantly that it wouldn't have been that dire if it were to happen. She said she made it so everything's fine. To what, I asked if going out of the pool to pee during her training was not too much of a pain because it breaks the rhythm, indirectly suggesting that it could be easier to go in the pool.

She got the indirect meaning because she replied that she's fine peeing in lakes and oceans, but pools, she wasn't very enthusiast — she "don't know" as she said. She kinda asked me if it wasn't a bit gross (I got the feeling she was asking if I would judge her about that) and she added that on top of that she was afraid of "color dye" (yea the myth) and that others may see what she would be doing. I told her not to worry about that, because nobody could know, and that I could cover her if needed. I think (but it may be my imagination) that she eased up a little bit. She then told me that the last length before rushing out, she had a leak when doing the "end-of-lane-turn" because of the push with the legs (don't know the technical name, it's the flip swimmers do to push themself from the wall). So yeah, she basically admitted having peed in the pool a little, involuntarily. I added that it's absolutely fine and nothing to worry about.

Our discussion about that topic ended here, as I didn't wanted to sound suspiciously interested.

***

My goal for the next pool trip (no idea when it could eventually happen) is to tell her before arriving on place, that if she needs a pee while swimming she just have to come close to me so she can do it discretely while I cover her. This way, she could easily relieve herself, and I can feel her warmth spread around us. Though I'm not sure I will have the courage to say it when the opportunity will arrive, I really hope I can get the words to get out of my mouth and that it will work.

On a side note, I must admit that I myself peed in the pool that day, but it's a story for another time.

Does any of you have similar experiences ? What are your feelings about what happened, am I making up stuff in my head or can it eventually works ? Do you have any advice on what to do, or does maybe some of you have "revealed" themselves to their wife/husband and how did it went ?

Thanks and have a nice day !

