My First True Omorashi Experience

Author: AshAce

*000*2017-04-23 18:58

I didn't actually consciously plan for this to happen...but the spontaneity only enhanced the experience...

I let my bladder get to around a 5 when I stepped into the shower- nothing to desperate, but quite a reasonable level of pleasure. in all honesty. I'd guiltily drunk three full-to-the-brim glasses beforehand, to assist towards my aim (pun unintended): some simple wetting target practice. My plan was not elaborate- put a sponge on the floor of the shower (there's usually a dry part), aim, and try for the centre, all for the sheer, unadulterated joy of it. Peeing on a sponge allows you to see your progress, after all.

I turn on the shower nozzle and let the warmth cascade down my body, that normal, pure first-step-in-the-shower feeling... With occasional spikes of arousal from my filling bladder, I shampoo my hair normally. Once I've washed it out, I decide to tease myself a little, and sit down in the thin layer of warm water at the bottom of the shower. Instantly, it laps at my parts, and I almost lose control right there. The shower water is still coming over me, and I can almost convince myself that my urine is one of the streams! I panic momentarily, but I'm still very, very full, despite the small trickle which may or may not have escaped. I stand back up again, enjoying every second, and begin to condition my hair without stopping to wash my hands.

After repeating the sit-down-in-the-shower-water experience, this time at around a 7.5, I decide it's time to let go and pee. Position the sponge. Relax inner thigh muscles. And aim- but the second my fingers make contact with my urethra, before I can truly position myself I'm DOING IT! I can't stop, and the gush is a waterfall, a torrent now, and it's pleasurable and disappointing simultaneously and I CAN'T STOP. My fingers keep slipping over my sodden labia. It's clear I won't be able to target the sponge, so in a desperate, urophilic action, I grab it- almost slipping in my own urine stream, and place it between my legs. I cross them tightly and it feels even better. Now, now I understand why people say it feels so warm to wet! Soon the sponge is near-saturated- I must've been at an 8-9 after all- and tendrils are trickling down my leg. I don't want it to end when it does. Suddenly, I'm left standing there, with the contents of a toilet on my hand and in the sponge.

I squeeze the sponge over my chest. The sweet urine caresses my torso. I try so, so hard to squeeze out more pee, but it's just not possible for me anymore. I've been drained. I finish my shower and clean myself up. I manage one drip on the sponge, and then I step out onto the mat.

I can't wait for my next shower.

