The Bet, the cheerleader, and pee

Author: blueswag

*000*2011-09-16 13:07

Hello everyone, I am blueswag. This is my first post here. I figure instead of posting an intro nobody will read I can contribute right from the get go. Without further blabbering my story.

She was 18 years old, my friend Brittany. Brittany was something else; she was about 5'3" (Short I know but I like that) probably just pushing a B cup, subtle abb's from being a chearleader, bright blond hair and a butt that made me drool more than once. Now she did not have a big butt, to be honest it was probably pretty small to most guys but what made it really special was the fact that it was a perfect bubble. "You guys know what I am talking about."

So one day me and Brittany were driving back to her house to just hang out (Unfortunately I was in the friend category early on). We had just gotten done with school, me theatre rehearsal and her cheer-leading practice. Brittany seemed bothered not very long after we had left school, I don't know what made me think there was something bothering her, I just kind of did, so I asked her "Hey Brit, what’s the matter with you? You are usually much more talkative." She looked at me with those sea blue eyes and said "Nothing, just girl trouble." Now I am thinking "Ok, Whatever, none of my business." She saw my look and was like "Oh no no no not my period. Hahaha. I have to pee."

Brittany never knew of my fetish which was probably for the best; especially because of what happened next. "Why are you letting that bother you?" I asked. "It's not bothering me." She said. "I just really have to go. The coach was a real bitch today and would not let me go and I drank way to much water."

"Oh you will be fine." I said (OK at this point a really devious plan began forming in my head. One that I thought really would not work but you never know. I also want to say I am not entirely proud of this.) I turned to Brittany and said "Girls always complain, "I have to pee"

"I am going to wet myself" blah blah blah" Now it was right at this moment we arrived at her house, so I knew it was time to spring my trap before she had time to run to the bathroom. "Brit I bet a strong girl like yourself could hold it for at least another 2 hours." At this point I thought I had her, always being competitive I figured she would spring at the chance to beat a challenge.

"Whatever Steven, I can hold it just fine without having to prove it. I'm hungry lets eat." Now at this point I should have given up, but I didn't. "Oh ya well $20 says you wet your pants within 2 hours" At this point she actually stopped walking and looked at me up and down. I could of sworn this time I had her. "No thanks I don't have $20 to give you." She said. "Ok fine how about this, If you hold it you get $50 for proving that you can do it and if you wet them I will at least give you $20. I want to see if I am right, that you girls just complain" (In my head I am thinking come on come on) "Fine I will do it." Brittany said. "If I pee my pants I get $20 and if I can hold out I get $50 right?"

"Right." I said.

Now I purposely left off telling you guys what she was wearing; probably because it is my favorite thing to see wet. Brittany was wearing a nice tight top and a pair of bright yellow cheer-leading shorts. Remember that bubble butt I had told you about? Imagine that in a pair of those shorts. I was going crazy. Anyway back to the story.

I am going to skip some boring stuff in the first 45 min or so, it really was not that eventful sadly. She drank some water and said I have to pee a few times nothing eventful. So there we are, 45 min in, sitting on her couch at home watching, who knows what at this point, for that matter who cares? Here I was next to a hot girl filling with pee! Crossing and uncrossing her legs, she did seem pretty desperate. "You going to give in yet?" I asked. "I really have to go but no way am I giving in." She said.

"Question?" She asked.

"Answer maybe." I said.

"Lets say I do give in and pee. Do I have to pee my pants or can I go normally?”

“You have to pee them that’s the bet.” I said. Now, I didn't know how much I could press my luck but at this point but I was so excited I figured I should try. "You know you’re a thin girl and when you really have to pee your bladder expands. Can you see yours?" “I don’t know” She said. Brittany lifted her shirt up a bit and lo and behold YOU COULD ACTUALLY SEE her bladder bulge. It was not huge but you could defiantly see a bump. Now this story would not be worth sharing if I did not decide to poke her right on that spot.

“AH” Brittany said. “Don’t do that that’s cheating.”

“It is not cheating. Did you pee a little?”

“NO I did not pee.” She scoffed.

A little bit of time goes by and we are still sitting there. Brittany has her hand stuffed in the front of her crotch. It was awesome. Suddenly, Brittany stands up. “How much time is left?” I look at the clock. “About 45 min.” Now Brittany is fully bent over at this point with both her hands shoved between her legs. “Screw it, ok I will take the $20.” She opens her legs and shows me a little tiny wet spot. Then she bolts for the bathroom. Of course I follow but she shuts the door.

“Brittany, open the door. I want to see this.”

“NO WAY” She says.

Now inside my head I’m going NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. After all that I did not get to see her pee. But wait, a miracle happens. Brittany opens the door. “Fine come here.”

Now we are standing in her bathroom she looks at me and says “Where should I do it?” I reply “In the tub this way you can take a shower when done and stuff.” Brittany hops in the show and spreads her legs AND… we wait. It actually was really hard for her to get going; I thought she was going to make time but thankfully no.

“Ah its coming it’s coming.” She exclaimed.

I watched, and close up to I might add. I was not going to miss this for the world. That little wet spot grew, slowly at first, then there was a little jet and she stopped.

“Ah” She said. “It’s warm haha”. I feigned laughing but guys I was in heaven at this moment.

Then she let go. A wonderful torrent of pee shot out into her yellow cheerleading shorts. That tiny wet spot became huge. I felt like I was in a video for some desperation site because she even turned around at one point showing me her butt. Finally, she finished peeing. Both of us looking at the damage to her shorts.

“Whew I feel better.” Brittany Said.

“I bet you do.”

“Well out I need to take a shower.” Brittany said.

“What I don’t get to watch the full show?” I asked.

“NO.” she yelled and laughed as she pushed me out back into her room.

That gentleman and ladies is my story. I am going to be honest and say I embellished a very tiny bit. but this story is true. I love this moment in my history. I unfortunately don’t talk to Brittany anymore, we lost touch.

I have a question for you guys. This is my only good REAL story but I have a few fake ones I kind of want to write. However, I have never considered myself a writer. What do you guys think? Do you think my writing was good enough to consider writing more stories? Thanks for your feedback. It will be much appreciated.

