Wet in public for the first time today! (with some pictures)

Author: Terminus

*000*2021-10-13 04:44

So tonight I went out and decided I'd try to have my first wetting in public.

I had already planned on doing some of my first bits of exhibitionist play, but I had also decided to have some fun combining two of my fetishes. I already had roughly 2.5 liters of water on me that I had been drinking throughout the night and was down to roughly just a half liter (and to be clear I had been peeing throughout the night to not become overhydrated). I was planning to have a full blown accident in a parking lot near my house, but from a combo of not enough time, and running out of water, after one too many times of peeing outdoors, I ended up having to just do a little "forced accident".

After finding a nice quiet place that was still in view of a major roadway, I propped myself up on a chair outside of a closed restaurant and put all my weight on my bladder. Things were already a bit tense in my bladder but quickly things went from being a bit desperate to not being able to hold back seconds long spurts, all while in full view of several passing cars. I ended up letting myself empty the rest of my bladder into my pants (several times) while walking around on the sidewalk alongside the road. Once my bladder was empty enough that I wasn't constantly desperate I hopped back in my truck, put on a pull up, and made the drive back home, significantly lighter and wetter.

It was a truly amazing experience, it was late enough that only some cars were out but, I was still seen plenty (including a small incident when a car slowly drove past me while I was having a lil fun with my dildo) and it was all in all an amazing experience that I hope to do again decently soon.

So I ask, in my now very full pull-up, any ideas/challenges for my next adventure in public?

Personally thinking of wearing a pull-up into a gas station with some tight jeans and wetting just enough to make a spot without making a puddle, but I would love more suggestions to keep me busy afterwards.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*004*2021-10-13 23:05

{{9 hours ago, Racergirl1404 said:

What kind of pull-up did you put on? Was it a Goodnite or something else

}}

Just some "Assurance" brand ones from Walmart I had bought earlier that night. First time ever buying some and I already quite like em.

*005*2021-10-13 23:05

{{6 hours ago, nappypants said:

Just to point out, it’s not whether or not you pee that determines whether you become overhydrated… if it’s made it as far as your bladder already it won’t have that effect, whether or not you then empty your bladder.

Overhydration occurs if you drink more liquid than your kidneys can process. A couple of litres over the course of an evening is likely to be well within safe limits, though!

}}

Oh, well thanks for the info, I'll be sure to keep this in mind for future holds.

