Omorashi Origin Story

Author: Tdobb25

*000*2018-07-03 19:02

So a bit of a brief introduction, I've just turned 30 and am coming to terms with my Omo fetish. I've always had an interest in it but I've gotten to the point recently where I feel comfortable enough to embrace and explore it.

So with that in mind, I'd like to at least share my first experience that really got me into it.

###

The first time I can really remember wetting myself was my junior year of high school. I had a computer programming class schedule right after lunch. I had gone out to eat lunch with some friends and had just barely made it back to class in time. I was the kind of student who slept in as long as I possibly could in the morning before jumping in the car to head out to school. All this meant I hadn't gotten to use the bathroom at all since I woke up early in the morning.

As luck would have it, we had a test that day in class. As soon as I sat down in class I realized that I had to pee quite urgently. As our teacher was handing out the tests, I asked if I could be excused before the test started to use the bathroom. She refused and told me that I could wait until I finished the exam.

It was only 45 minutes long, so it shouldn't have been a problem, but my body had other thoughts. I did my best to ignore the building pressure in my bladder and tried to focus on the test. Perhaps if it had been a class I'd studied for more, I would have been able to distract myself with it, but this was one of my worst classes and I hadn't studied at all (as a side note, you may be asking why a computer programming class would give out a written paper exam, to that I can only answer that the early 2000's were a confusing time).

After about ten minutes of doing my best to distract myself it became clear that I wasn't going to be able to win the fight. I got up again and asked my teacher if I could leave to use the bathroom. I even offered to turn in the test uncompleted (as a sign of good faith that no foolishness was afoot). She told me that I had to remain in my seat until class finished.

Defeated I returned to my seat and tried to focus on anything other than the need to pee. Of course this meant all I focused on was that. Finally I was struck with a brilliant idea - I'll just let a tiny spurt go, that won't be a problem. I was wearing black athletic shorts, so I wasn't worried about a wet spot showing, plus my boxers would absorb everything. Just a quick tiny spurt, quickly turned into battling to regain control as I shot out a stream stronger than I anticipated (I was a rookie at this after all). Nothing showed through, no damage done.

A few excruciating minutes passed before I decided to release another quick spurt. This time it was a longer spurt and harder to gain under control. Still, no damage done. At this point though, I could feel the wetness in my pants. This was no good. I did a quick check to make sure none of my classmates had caught on to my desperation, but they all appeared to be absorbed in the exam. My teacher, Ms. R., however, was staring right at me. Ms. R was in her early 20's and the subject of many a schoolboy fantasy. She had only been out of college for a couple years, had nice dark brown shoulder length hair, slender build. She was staring dead at me. Embarrassed, I looked away.

I made sure to look away and focus again on my test. At this point there were only about fifteen minutes left, but my urgency was overwhelming. My pants were still wet, my bladder was still throbbing. Ms. R got up and moved to a small desk in the front, near my seat, apparently to grade papers. As she sat down, I was quick to note that from the angle she was sitting I could see right up her dress. To this day her red dress and plain white panties is an image that is etched in my mind. It also sparked a brilliant idea (at least I thought it was). I knew how tough it was to pee with morning wood; perhaps if I got myself hard it would cancel out the need to pee. So as stealthily as I could I began to take peaks up at her and her underwear, trying to imagine us in any pornographic fantasy I could. Of course mixed with me being desperate to pee, my fantasy became, what if she is desperate to pee, what if she is struggling to hold back from bursting right here in front of the class.

It succeeded in part, that I did begin to get turned on. But I also lost control over my bladder. I could feel a couple strong jets hiss out, but fortunately my shorts and boxers muffled it. As I'm losing complete control, I end up locking eyes with Ms. R. who is just staring at me the whole time. Just watching. It was unnerving.

After what felt like an eternity (probably only 10 or 15 seconds at most) my stream stops. We had these plastic bucket seats which had prevented any of the over flow from falling to the ground.

I spent the last ten minutes or so of class sitting in my wet pants, but also extremely turned on. Moreover, every time I glanced up at Ms. R, she was still staring at me, in my direction.

Eventually class ended and we had to turn in the exams. I quickly got up to try to survey the damage to seat. It was wet, no doubt about it, but there wasn't any visible puddle. From what I could see it looked like someone had just sat there and sweated a ton into the seat. I dashed up, handed in my test and ran to the bathroom to relieve what was left in my bladder.

As luck would have it, my act never really got found out. I had two more classes that day, science and theater. In science a student who was sitting nearby asked why they smelled piss, but it was quickly dismissed as the smell of some of the chemicals for our lab (no judgment on the American educational system). By theater my shorts had mostly dried.

After class I had anime club (because as it is well known, all the cool kids class would both take a theater class and go to an anime club). My girlfriend at the time noticed a bit of a smell, but said "I guess your dog must have peed on your jacket again". At the time I had an elderly dog who was having accidents and also was known for leaving my clothes all about the floor. I quickly seized on this excuse, made a production of acting horrified I had a gross jacket on, shoved it into my backpack and we all had a good laugh.

This sort of woke up something in me though, because as I reflected on this all later that day I realized I enjoyed it. I relieved myself in a different way to experience of it all. It was exciting, but it was also extremely embarrassing. For a long time I'd forget about this experience, but then come back to it again.

###

I've had other accidents since then, which perhaps I will share in time, and have been around other people having accidents. It took a long time for me to accept that this was something people could enjoy without it being wrong. I felt lucky to come across this website exploring the internet and hope to find a community to experience and share this with.

I hope you all enjoyed it.

