A desperate night

Author: Silverday

*000*2018-01-09 19:03

This happened in late september.

I had agreed to meet some friends for dinner but as always I was running late and had to dress and put on make up quite quickly . As I didn't really need to go then I decided not to waste more time going to the bathroom , in retrospect that was a bad decision.

It was still warm and I wanted to look cute so I wore a white sleeveless crop top and my tight high jeans.

We had a great time at the fast food place and I drank not only a tall glas of coke but also some of my friend iced tea. The thing is no one wanted to go home so we decided to go to a park and drink. Me and another two friends got a vodka bottle and a big lemonade bottle and sat down at the park with the rest. The problem was that while sitting down you feel the urge to go quite muted , so three hours later when most of them wanted to go home we got up. At that time is when things went wrong , my blader decided that enough was enough and I needed to go pee. I would have gone in the park but I didnt have anything to clean myself with so I rejected the idea and decided to follow some of my less desperate friends to some bathrooms in the subway. Twenty minutes later we had said good bye to the rest and only four of us and an unfinished bottle of vodka remained.

To my surprise though the subway bathrooms were closed because of the late hour , so my only hope was holding it in untill we got to a bar quite far away.

So there we went , in the way though a male friend of mine (lets call him A) had a briliant idea. You see I had paid a bit more for the bottle and he was certain that we wouldn't be able to get in the bar with it , so I should get in a convenience store buy something and drink the rest. I was desperate but confident so stupid me agreed. A wasn't happy with making me drink it even though he knew I was desperate , he decided to take a break and my other two not so desperate friends agreed.

So there I was sitting down sipping at my coke with vodka and trying not to wet myself .

Twenty minutes later I had finished my drink and they decided it was apropiate to continue. I couldn't even hold myself straight by that point and at one point resorted to walk with my hands between my legs just to keep it in untill we arrived.

That is when the night went from bad to worse. There was a security guy on the door and he asked us for our ID which we all had thankfully , but when I thought I could go to the bathroom he insisted on seeing our friends bags. I leaked a bit right there. The two of my other friends were quick and there was no problem , but A , well he waited to be the last and then painstakingly slowly oppened his bag little by little. The bathroom was so near but he was making all of us wait , making me wait !

Finally hand between my legs , tight jeans pressing my bladder we managed to get inside . I was going straight to the bathroom but behold, one of the other friends knew people there and he insisted on saying hello and introducing us . I leaked a bit more before the conversation was over , untill I had an opening to excuse myself I had to wait there squirming.

So in the end I entered the bathroom and of course because nothing could go right for me someone was already in the stall. So there I was waiting , hunched over, hand bettween my legs , doing the pee dance and nearly crying.

The other girl finally went out and I entered as fast as I could desperate to let it go .

Thankfully I didnt wet my panties very much and my jeans remained dry, just for seconds though.

