When the hottest person is desperate

Author: romanf123

*000*2022-07-17 02:37

When I was in high school, there was this one boy, i found him SO attractive and I always fantasized about him being desperate to pee. Fortunately for me, he did not like using the school bathrooms, which meant he had to hold it in like a big boy. So, you would always know when he was desperate because that would be the only time he would pee at school.

So in a way, seeing him need to pee is a privilege, and is extremely rare to watch. But, when it does happen, he is SUPER open about it. He is a unique potty dancer. He will step left to right OR, if he’s sitting, he will bounce his legs up and down. I had the privilege of seeing him desperate at the canteen (cafeteria) and it really turned me on. (Both times he was ever desperate were in the canteen). The first time I ever saw him desperate was during lunch, when he was sitting next to me bouncing his little legs up and down! (He is pretty small for his age) He was wearing P.E attire, which consits of VERY thin shorts and a white shirt. Since he doesn’t use school bathrooms, knowing he held it in ALL day until now is really something.

He announced that he really had to pee, but he wanted to finish his meal before doing so. If any of you know, i wasn’t going to make it that easy for him. Relief has to be earned. I was shaking him around, and crushing his legs together (this is basically moving your legs and pushing his leg with yours. It works, trust me) and he started eating and grabbing onto his crotch. It was such a turn-on. He was literally making sounds like ooh-aah and mentioning how his pee was about to come out. Not sure why he wanted to prolong his relief but it was to my benefit. He really started to stop talking and try and rush to eat his food and leave. I took his food and starting moving it around the table. At this point, he was literally bursting and i’m sure that his little bladder was begging him for a relief.

He was literally going from side to side, and really trying to hold it in as much as possible. There’s only so much I can do to stop him, so I did the best I could. He was already desperate, there’s no waiting for him to be desperate. I pulled out my water bottle and starting shaking it in his ear, and you could hear the ice cubes inside of the bottle just shaking around… and reminding him of how much he has to go to the potty. He finally finished and got up and went to the lunch attendents to ask to pee.

Unfortunately, they allowed him to go pee. He did a full on sprint to the bathroom (while holding) and finally made it! Unlucky for him, i ran with him. Relief does not come that easy. The bathroom he ran to is the only one on the floor and also was the smallest in the building. It consists of two stalls and one urinal. Fortunately for me, the stalls were already taken, leaving the urinal. The next bathrooms were in another building, which he was not willing to walk to. Doing the potty dance, he ran to the urinal, and I got the pleasure of secretly watching. I could hear his pee flying into the urinal, hitting the inside, and going down the drain. It was such a turn on. It sounded like a torrent of urine, all being shot out at once. Of course, I came to the restrooms with the excuse of having to pee as well. I couldn’t just walk out. So, we literally swapped. I went to the urinal and he went to the sink.

The sinks are EXTREMELY close to the urinal, it is a very tight and small bathroom. He heard me using the urinal, and we were talking to eachother as well while I was. After that, we went back and acted like nothing happened. Unfortunately he doesn’t have this fetish. I enjoyed it thoroughly regardless. I wasn’t going to overstep what I could do to respect him but it was still a major turn on.

