Tinder in the trees

Author: LeakingLu 2

*000*2020-07-23 21:08

I've forgotten my password for my old account which I'd only posted from once, but decided to make another since there's no one irl I can tell about what happened this week!

On Friday night I had my usual couple of drinks with my old roommates (still using Zoom because we're in the midst of a pandemic) and ended up matching with some guy on Tinder. I don't normally reply to messages, especially if they're attractive because they're almost definitely a catfish, but I think the liquid courage helped. He was very straight up, saying we were like 42km away with no mutual connection so why wouldn't we just have some distance fun and discuss kinks. I'm not exactly the most vanilla person in the world but I'm not sure I'm the kinkiest ever. 

I was expecting him to bring up BDSM or something else, I just couldn't imagine it being a piss fetish, so imagine my surprise when the next message was "have you ever been pissed on in the shower?"! Thank goodness for an ex boyfriend's introduction to the world of piss play, via this exact experience, I learned that pee can be sorta hot and it can definitely turn me on. From this I started holding and leaking and found this website. I didn't exactly want to bring this all up straight away because I still wasn't sure it wasn't some elaborate prank, but I did admit that yes, I had.

I ended up leaving the zoom call to open a video he sent me of him pissing and I've never felt more intrigued and turned on.

Over the weekend we spoke about turn ons, turn offs, limits and all sorts but it kept coming back to piss. I don't think I've ever got myself off more in a single weekend. And all because of the pictures and videos of this guy pissing and the obscene proposals he made of how we could indulge our fetish together should we ever meet.

On Tuesday night, I decided we had to. I was so desperate to see this guy piss in front of me, piss himself, piss into a toilet, piss all over my chest, anything would have done. We found a place in the country without many people and agreed to meet there. The ride was around 45 minutes so I knew I had to arrive desperate to make it worth our while. An hour and a half before I had to leave I started doing the rapid desperation technique, drinking and letting myself use the bathroom for an hour to shrink my bladder capacity quickly.

I naturally have a relatively large bladder for holding that I knew it would take quite some time to fill so I denied myself access to the bathroom for an hour and fifteen before we met, including the journey there. I definitely over estimated my abilities and forgot how long it's been since I've been able to do a proper hold because I was filling up so fast and not even there yet. I knew even if he didn't turn up I was going outside for a piss anyway because there was no chance I could wet in my parents car.

We drove around for a while looking for a place to park where there weren't too many walkers, but it was hard to concentrate when all I wanted to do was release. At the same time the thought that nobody knew what I was going to do was really turning me on. I had decided to meet a stranger to indulge in semi public pee play, in the middle of nowhere, which was so unlike me, and yet the best thing I could imagine. My bladder had a small bulge, straining against my jeans and although being turned on helped a lot, I had to unbutton them to help me hold until we found a suitable part. I was so nervous but felt so naughty with anticipation and desperation, I couldn't wait to release in front of this stranger.

We parked in a secluded little spot, with some trees nearby and headed towards them, both of us desperate, both of us nervous, and both of us so turned on by everything about the situation. Climbing over little fences to get to somewhere less exposed proved such a challenge when my pee was pressing against me so desperate to come out, it felt like one wrong foot placement, a slight little slip and I'd have an accident.

He told me he wanted to go first, and I was so looking forward to it but I couldn't help but feel a little jealous. My pussy was aching for any kind of release and I knew I didn't have long before I would wet or at least leak a lot. I didn't expect his nervousness, which was very endearing. I think being so desperate to go and then suddenly being pee shy might be one of the hottest things ever.

The frustration and disappointment, combined with my own desperation was such a great sensation. He offered to let me go then, and I tried. I tried so hard, squatting down and pushing out, hoping to let some of the 1.5L I had drank out, feeling it just there but not quite. All I could manage while he rubbed my ass was this pathetic little leak, not even enough to provide any sensation of relief. I needed to pee before my bladder exploded, my hold was definitely toying between the point of pleasurable tingling in my clit from such a full bladder, and sharp pains in my bladder which had been stretched to near its limit.

I thought maybe getting off would help but somehow found myself too nervous to do that too in person. I just wanted to cum and I wanted to piss and I didn't care about where or how but it had to happen. He felt the same and started stroking himself, which I would gladly give a graphic description of if it wasn't unrelated to the content of this site, because yes. We were so desperate and so in need, and yet neither of us could piss. I'd driven all this way, struggling with my full bladder, aching for relief, to not be able to let out more than a 2 second stream.

Eventually we decided to not look really, we found separate spots although I was definitely looking, and managed to convince our poor tortured bladders to let us go. I started pissing for a second and couldn't believe it when I didn't stop! I shouted over to tell him but he couldn't either, watching faintly yellow piss spurt from his semi hard cock while I finally got the relief my body had been begging for felt sensational. I just wish he had been able to drink some or play with it a little more. Next time we'll definitely try to be less pee shy.

