Memories of First Accident

Author: Novak Rogers

*000*2020-01-18 17:25

I've written before about the year I had where I had issues with wetting the bed after drinking but not of the incident that preceded it. I was 19 and had gone on a camping weekend with a small group of friends, which at that age is just an excuse to drink away from home, which is what we did both nights. So it was on the final morning that I woke up in my tent with a very strange sensation in the lower half of my sleeping bag that I simply couldn't work out. My mind immediately went to the classic of thinking I had sweated a lot but this didn't make sense as only really bottom half that felt it. I think that I knew I had peed pretty much straight away but couldn't admit it to self. The smell I think is what convinced me after a short while as was pretty unmistakeable once had come fully awake.

I couldn't work out how it had happened. I had nothing t compare it to as had never wet myself asleep before. Now of course I know that too much drink can cause it but at that point I did not have a clue it was a potential side effect. Had only been drinking about a year and nobody ever tells you about it. They'll tell you about hangovers and feeling sick but nobody ever seems to warn about it leading to bedwetting. Seems that one has to always be discovered by yourself!

Once I had accepted what had happened and gone through the self embarrassment of having done it, I had to work out how to conceal it. Fortunately it was the last day. I remember rolling up the soaked bag into its carrier and then putting that in a tight plastic bag to keep smell out. The clothes I had slept in all got put into plastic bag that I again sealed it as tight as possible and put into rucksack. I laugh now to think back to the fact that within the tent I gave my legs as good a wash as possible using a bottle of mineral water I had in there with me!

Anything to try and hide the smell of pee that had been soaking into them all night. Thankfully I got away with it and nobody that morning ever suspected I had woken up in my own pee. Who knows, maybe I wasn't the only one?

Final memory of this is that I had to take my bag and clothes to a launderette as couldn't wash them at home without being found out. As it was a sunday though I had to wait until the net day to take them and also wait outside for launderette to be empty so nobody would see or smell my stuff when I got them out of bag. Good job I did too as after a full day wrapped up damp, the smell was quite strong upon getting them out.

At the time I assumed it was going to be a one off and that would never happen again. About a year later however and I was to find out many times over how wrong that assumption was! At least when I started wetting actual beds there was a proper shower available to wash off in!

And though I did not know it at the time obviously that was the beginning of my journey here.

*002*2020-01-20 21:45

{{2 hours ago, WBxx said:

That’s precisely the way adult bed-wetting started for me at 19 after drinking beer. Like you my initial thought was sweat till I felt the magnitude of the wetness and then the smell eliminated any doubt. Rather than a sleeping bag with friends, I was sleeping at home in an unprotected bed. The first time mom was understanding, not at all after that. After the second she even placed a rubber sheet on the bed. And yet, despite “mom hassles”, I quite enjoyed the sensations and humiliation of wetting the bed once again. Enjoyed it so much that a couple years later in a place of my own I repeated the scenario over and over with bed-wetting gradually becoming the norm.

}}

Every time I wet the bed after that it was unprotected. I wouldn't buy any kind of sheet as that would be officially admitting I had developed a problem. I would go a few weeks fine then think it had cleared up but wake up hungover and sodden again one morning to find how wrong I was. Funnily enough at the end of the year where I had the issues, the final wetting was when I was camping again and woke up in soggy bag once again with tell tale pee smell in tent. Thankfully once again no witnesses and I was an old hand at keeping it hidden by then. Since then I have only ever sleep wet one more time which was again back in actual bed. I now only wet when awake and with coverage but do wish I could have one final time at the real thing for myself to appreciate it properly.

*003*2020-01-20 21:54

{{3 hours ago, WBxx said:

That’s precisely the way adult bed-wetting started for me at 19 after drinking beer. Like you my initial thought was sweat till I felt the magnitude of the wetness and then the smell eliminated any doubt. Rather than a sleeping bag with friends, I was sleeping at home in an unprotected bed. The first time mom was understanding, not at all after that. After the second she even placed a rubber sheet on the bed. And yet, despite “mom hassles”, I quite enjoyed the sensations and humiliation of wetting the bed once again. Enjoyed it so much that a couple years later in a place of my own I repeated the scenario over and over with bed-wetting gradually becoming the norm.

}}

BTW, how did you broach that subject with family the first time? Was there no chance of covering it up at all?

*006*2020-01-22 01:19

{{34 minutes ago, WBxx said:

To your last statement, have you ever tried to induce a sleep wetting? Believe it or not my very first attempt worked. Folks were leaving early one Saturday morning not returning till evening. I’d have the house to myself all day. In preparation, I performed strenuous yard work till dusk to become as physically tired as possible. Then, after my folks retired for the evening, I downed two Colt 45 malt liquors and went to bed. Didn’t work, was too excited to fall asleep. Got up, emptied my bladder, drank a third malt liquor topped by a glass of water and went back to bed. That did it, woke up hours later soaked. Without worry of discovery, I wallowed in my shame till satisfied and cleaned up.

So, any idea how many times you wet during your year of issues? And why do you think the “problem” ended?

}}

I wish I could but too afraid to in case it made it a semi regular thing again. From memory I wet my bed at least 7/8 times during a year span, which with the other 3 times mentioned puts me into double figures. I've previously written up that I believe it stopped as i had time away from drinking and then changed what i drank when started again. I used to drink a few whiskey and cokes at the end of a night and I am sure it was the caffeine mixed in that pushed my bladder over the edge to release. Apart from a minor one off incident, have not sleep wet since then.

I am pretty sure that if i were to have a night drinking that stuff again and couple it with not peeing right before bed then I would wake up wet but as I said, I would be too afraid this would make it start up again after drinking and i might not be in own bed one of those times. Even all these years of staying dry later i still have the worry in back of my head it may occur again randomly one day. I admire how you fronted up on it as I would have missed work to try and hide my shame, flipping mattress, spraying air freshener and sneaking out sheets to wash. Basically what i did whenever I peed bed during that year!

At least if it did occur accidentally again I would be able to appreciate it for a bit before dealing with it this time.

*008*2020-01-22 20:26

I gave up flipping my mattress in the end as had peed into both sides so many times it didn't really matter which side was up by the end!

I have considered buying a cheap mattress to keep and use just to pee into, though only when awake. Using current waterproof sheet on top of towels (i don't enjoy pooling) is decent substitute but can never have the full deep soaking that an unprotected mattress provides, even if it lacks the full experience that peeing while asleep and waking up wet can give you. Perhaps will change mind in years to come and try experimenting in making it happen again but will have to be careful to limit it to very blue moon thing so brain doesn't get into habit of thinking it fine to pee when asleep again.

Its good that you so comfortable with it, both now and when it began. I wish I could have appreciated it more at the time looking back but it was just a race to cover it up each time it happened i'm afraid. Perhaps the early discovery did you a favour in a way, despite the original awkwardness.

