Couldn't hold it anymore

Author: MargaritaLita

*000*2016-12-08 06:29

Hi, all! I'm new here, my name is Lita. I did a hold tonight to try to unwind from work and I figured I'd share it here.

I got home and put on a nightgown and leggings for the night, but my bladder was getting kind of full so I figured I might as well pull out a pull-up and have some fun, instead of having an accident in my panties. I had been drinking water all day and had a big Coke about an hour before. Right after I put on my pull-up, I needed to go- BAD. I thought I could hold it, but I started leaking right there on the spot! I had to hold on with both my hands to make it stop, and I whimpered a little. I didn't expect to need to pee so fast. I didn't want to leak out of my pull-up and wet my leggings, either, so I hurried and put a second pull-up on over the first in case I had a big accident.

I tried to watch Netflix and not think about it, but my need to go to the bathroom kept increasing. I was potty-dancing and standing in front of the television, and I kept having to grab my crotch with my hands. I started to tinkle again, in little spurts, and they were harder and harder to control- so I caved and started to wet myself and fill up my pull-up. It held pretty nicely, and I sat back down to watch the rest of my show with warmth in my pants. I had been drinking a lot of water tonight, but I didn't expect to have to go again so soon- but my roomie had just gotten in the shower, and I was left to wait and squirm.

I spent twenty minutes fighting it, hand on the front of my already wet pull-up, and I wasn't sure if it could handle another wetting. I wasn't going to have a choice, so I clenched my eyes shut and started to flood myself again with warm pee. It spread around and swelled more and more, and I let it all out and just hoped I wouldn't have a leaky accident.

I sat down and tried to wait for my roomie to get out of the shower, and I focused on my show. When I finally heard her leave, I jumped up to get changed and cleaned up- but some pee had leaked onto my pants and the back of my dress. Since I was sure I'd stay dry for the night, I put my panties back on and threw my clothes in the wash. Just glad I had a backup plan when I couldn't get to the potty in time!

