Almost Made It

Author: Musicrunner

*000*2011-02-24 17:55

]when i was 13 years old I really had to go to the bathroom. The day before i drank tons of gatorade cause i was on the track team and i had a meet. Anyways i was so tired when i got home i took a shower and went to bed forgetting to set my alarm and not going to the bathroom! The next day I woke up ten minutes before the bus came so i put my shirt, short denim shorts, and sandals as quick as possible. I had no time for breakfast so i just got an energy drink to fill my stomach.

When I got to school i realized i had to pee but i ignored cause the bathrooms at school were mad dirty. At lunch i had to go a lot more but not enough to make me go to the dirty bathrooms so I ate my lunch and drank my coke. When I was walking to 7th period I had to go bad enough that I lost control and I peed a couple of drops but I quickly stopped it(thank god!). By 8th [/s]period (i have 9 periods in my school) i was dying to go, my bladder was so full my belly was sticking out! My legs were shaking so much my boyfriend thought i was nervous bout the test we had. But cause i had a test my teacher wouldn't let me go. At ninth period i had to go so bad that my legs were crossed tighter than ever before and my hand was in my crotch (u know what i mean). Again i couldn't go cause we were starting a new unit my teacher wouldn't let me go. It was so hot and i was sweating so i drank water even though i had to go to the bathroom!

Finally school ended but the worst possible thing happened, my bus got caught in traffic cause some guy had an accident (the streets near my school r only one lane). By now my legs were crossed even tighter and i felt like i was going to pee my pants right there! i called my boyfriend to see if he was home cause he lives close to the school and i could get off the bus. Of course he wasn't home and my bus stop was last. I thought if i went a little bit it would relieve the pressure but when i went i almost couldnt stop. It went throught my panties and i had a baseball sized stain on my favorite short shorts! It wasn't worth it cause i felt the same as before! Finally after 30 minutes i got off my bus stop but i still had 10 blocks to walk and i couldnt go outside cause people were always walking on the sidewalk.

By then i could barely walk normally cause my bladder was so full. I finally got home but i forgot my key in the morning. My window was so old it wouldnt budge so i had to go look for the spare key (i didnt know where it was cause we just got it). If finally found it in one of those fake rocks and i ran inside. By then i was losing control and a couple of drops of pee were escaping my soaked panties! I ran up the stairs and got in the bathroom and i tried to unzip my shorts but they got stuck! I knew i wouldnt make it. Slowly i felt the warmness spread throught my crotch, then i felt my shorts and panties get soaked, and then for like 3 minutes i felt warm pee run down my leg making a huge puddle. It actually felt really good.

*002*2011-02-26 18:41

I had a couple of strange looks from people butt for teh most part i think i was good

