Long walk hold

Author: Kanna Miro

*000*2017-08-03 20:10

Lmao im not good at thinking of titles~~

Anyway Im new and I've had quite a few accidents in my days. One was two days before my sixteenth birthday party.

I was walking home from school with my boyfriend and my best friend. Normally we would actually walk home but that day we decided to take a walk around the city. Since everyone brought money we figured we could stop in some stores while we walked. We stopped in a Wal-Mart due to my friend being "dehydrated". We all bought soda and drank it outside. While I was drinking mine I realized I hadn't pottyed the whole day.

"Ya know, I just realized I haven't peed all day." I stated out loud. The slightest urge to go crossed over me. I thought nothing of this.

"I could tickle you until you pee." My boy friend jocked as I punched his arm. The three of us kept moving since I had to be home before my mom. My mom didn't like it when I would come home way past schools end.

Since my mom wouldn't be home untill six PM we decided I could head home around 5:30. As we walked we talked about upcoming exams, and my sixteenth birthday party. As I finished my soda my urge to go was slightly larger. Since I wasn't bursting I decided I could wait. We hung out aroun the mall for a while and bought things from Hot Topic and the book store. My friend wanted to leave the mall so she could chase down the ice cream truck. (We didn't catch it but it was fun to epicly fail)

Eventually we wound up in a 7-11. We grabbed some extra large slushies, paied and then we were about to leave.

"Hey Kanna do you still need the bathroom?" my friend asked, I completely forgot about needing to pee!

"I'll be fine." I stated as we left. Soon after I finished my slushy I was quite desperate. Walking didn't make it any better.

"Hey I wanna show you two some place!!" My friend exclaimed asshe dashed us across the street to catch the bus. Thankfully we sat inthe back.

My belt was tightly pressing against my bladder, so I inconspicuously loosened it. My left hand was inbetween my legs as I fidgeted.

"Hey are you okay?" My boyfriend asked, I nodded. Him and my friend probably would have said I should have gone at 7-11 or Walmart if I told them I needed to go. The bus ride started to get bumpy and I tried my best not to leak. I failed, it wasn't enough to go through my pants, but it was enough to dampen my underwear.

My friend told us where we were going, thankfully it was close to my house. My plan was that I check out the place for five minutes, and then get the F outa there, so I could go home and have a good piss. As the bus came to our stop I rushed the two off and my friend lead us to a garden store. Out of all places. As she and my boyfriend wandered around, I tried to make sure I cold hold in my bladder long enough.

At one point we were at a corner of the store and chatting about some stuff the store had. I was about to say something untill I felt myself lose control. Regaining it left me with a barely noticeable wet dot on my pants.

"Does here have bathrooms??" I asked crossing my legs tightly.

"No actually." My friend said.

"You're closer to your home than anywhere else, want to just go home now?" My boyfriend asked. I nodded.

"So you need to pee now?" my friend questioned before I had a chance to dash out.

"Why wouldn't I." I dully answered leaving before anyone could answer.

As I reached my house I frantically tried to find my keys. As I began to spunt and leak I concluded I left the keys inside and was locked out. I had a very visable wet patch inbetween my legs and at the front of my pants. I texted my mom and older sister that I was locked out. I didn't tell them I was midway in pissing my pants, my sister wouldn't let me live that down and my strict mom might have been mad at me. Plus I was going ti be sixteen in two days. As I was bursting I tried as hard as possible to pick the lock with my hair pin. Before the door unlocked I lost control and emptied myself right there on my front porch.

Once inside I cleaned the porch and washed my pants before anyone came home. I told my friend and boyfriend about it through a group chat later that night.

Well that's it for this post, hope you enjoyed and this is my first post so I also hope it's not too long. Sorry if it is.

