Had to wee in a bucket in front of my crush

Author: audreycat

*000*2021-12-01 01:18

I talked about Michael in the male school sightings thread (waiting approval as I’m new), but in short he was a really hot lad at school who I had a crush on.

Michael had just passed his driving test at age 17, and it was novel for him to drive to places just because he could. He would randomly turn up at friend’s houses to take them to places and one day he showed up at mine and asked if I wanted to go for a drive. We’d become mates when I moved and ended up living near him. I said yes, and we drove to the seafront together. It was about 40 minutes or so away from where we were living, and it was a nice drive with the windows down and music on.

When we got there we got fish and chips, then he tried to show me how to skim stones on the water. He was really good at it, but I was bad at it so he had to keep showing me. After a while I was aware I needed a wee, but at this point we were sitting together just talking and I didn’t want to stop. I couldn’t see any toilets nearby either, and because I was so shy I didn’t even consider that I would tell Michael.

We spent an hour talking, and I was really wanting to squirm around or hold myself, but I couldn’t do either. Michael didn’t seem to be showing any signs he wanted to leave, so I kept quiet and just suffered in silence. Eventually I suggested we take a walk across the seafront, because I was hoping I’d spot some public toilets nearby or somewhere else I could nip into. He didn’t go for it though, and asked if I wanted to skim stones more.

We skimmed stones for at least another twenty minutes, and at this point the sound of the tide coming in and the waves were doing my head in. I was seriously contemplating sitting on the stones and just weeing out a bit of my full bladder to relieve the pressure, because I was wearing a flowy skirt that sat just above my knees and I thought I could get away with it. I even sat down at one point and said I’d just watch him skim stones, but I chickened out because I couldn’t work out how to do it without getting my knickers wet.

Finally, Michael said we should start heading back. I was so relieved and said yes, but as I stood up my bladder pulsed and threatened to fail. I had to grab myself, but he didn’t see as he’d already started heading up the beach. At this point I was seriously worried I was going to wee all over his car seat, and I knew I was going to have to say something.

The problem is, when I say I am shy, I really really mean SHY. As I approached him I tried to steel myself to speak. My heart was racing and I opened my mouth to speak, but just couldn’t voice it. I wanted to cry at that point because I just couldn’t open my mouth.

So, I got into the car without saying anything, and tried to pretend I was okay. As he was reversing the car out of the space my bladder twinged in such a way I realised I was going to wet myself if I didn’t speak up. It sent ice through my veins and I finally managed to get the words out.

”Do you know if there are toilets on this sea front?” I finally said, trying not to sound too timid.

”I don’t really know,” Michael said in reply. “I don’t know this area.” This was before mobile phones were a big thing, so I couldn’t just search online to find out either. “If you can’t wait, I’ve got a bucket in the boot I use for cleaning my car.”

He said it like it was a joke, so I laughed a little and just said I’d wait. There was still a 40 minute drive, and I thought I could ask him to stop if I saw somewhere on route home, but as he was circling the car park to get to the exit my bladder twinged again and I clenched my muscles HARD to stop a leak. I knew there was no way I could manage even another five minutes, let alone longer.

”No,” I said sharply. He put his foot on the brake immediately and looked at me, concerned. “I can’t wait. I’ll use the bucket.”

Michael was a superstar in that moment. I thought he was going to laugh and I was so embarrassed that I started crying, but he parked the car again straight away and told me it was okay. He got out and got the red bucket out of the boot, then opened the passenger door and handed it to me.

”Let me know when you’re done,” was all he said, then he shut the door and turned around. He leaned back against the door, shielding me. I put the bucket in the foot well and took my knickers off, moved my skirt out the way, then finally, finally released all the wee that had been begging to come out. My bladder was still aching even after I’d been emptying it a while. It honestly felt like it went on and on and on forever. I wish I’d counted! I was weeing so forcefully it was splashing loudly in the bucket and I hoped Michael couldn’t hear. I was so embarrassed, but also so so relieved. Finally, I stopped and slowly got up so I didn’t knock the bucket over or anything. I used tissue from my handbag to wipe and put my knickers back on, and looked down at this huge bucket of wee wondering what I was going to do next. I felt trapped because there really wasn’t any way Michael wasn’t going to see it, and I was dying of shame at this point.

I knocked on the window and he glanced round, then moved and opened the door. I got out and before I could say or do anything, Michael glanced past me and at the bucket. “Geez Audrey, just how badly did you need to wee?” He said, but it was jokingly so I laughed instead of replying. Then he reached in and grabbed the handle, picking up the bucket!! I didn’t know what to say. Then he was off, taking it to a nearby drain where he emptied it out. Then he went over to the sea, rinsed it out, and came back to the car.

”You couldn’t have waited,” he said. “That bucket was half full.”

I was too embarrassed to say anything. He put the bucket away and jumped back in the car, and I got in after and hoped he’d let it drop.

”Let’s try that again,” he said, starting the car up again. I just nodded at him, I didn’t know what else to say. I had a crush on him and I’d just had to wee in a bucket, in his car, with him just outside, and I just wanted to die of embarrassment. I’m so glad he was a star about it! This was years ago now and I still feel embarrassed when I think about it.

*006*2021-12-02 00:20

{{20 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

I was hoping to read at the end that it was the beginning of a wonderful romance

}}

We did eventually end up dating! But not around the time this happened though.

{{12 hours ago, wether said:

And what was the full capacity of the bucket?

}}

I honestly don't know, it was a long time ago. I looked online and I'd say it was an average 10 litre bucket, and while he said half full I would say it was more a third full. But when I work that out it means I held litres of wee, and the thought makes my head explode that I could manage that!

*010*2021-12-31 05:06

{{On 12/27/2021 at 10:57 PM, New_Macca said:

Is that the most desperate you have been and biggest wee you have ever done?

}}

One of the most desperate/biggest wees, yes!

It was so awful at the time- I thought I was going to die of shame, and had to keep telling myself at least it wasn't his car seat! Then he PICKED THE BUCKET UP, dear lord, when I tell you I was embarrassed I really mean EMBARRASSED. I don't know what I'd have done if he'd have been mean about the whole thing.

*014*2022-01-14 00:35

{{On 12/31/2021 at 8:02 AM, wether said:

So I guess you had more. Could you please tell us?

}}

I plan to write up other experiences I've had when I have the chance, yes

{{On 1/4/2022 at 2:15 PM, huberp76 said:

Do you think that it was arousing for Michael to see how much you did hold in your bladder?

Did he say something like that he admire you for your performance and for your ability to hold so much?

}}

He didn't say anything at the time other than what I mentioned in the post. As for finding it arousing- at the time I don't think so but maybe I should remind him. Things are different these days between us

