Holding and desperation

Author: DesperateDolly

*000*2018-02-28 02:15

So I’ve been into holding ever since I can remember.

I have always wanted to get so desperate that I started to leak but I’ve always made myself too full too quickly and even though I like the feeling of a really full bladder i just couldn’t wet and I’d just play at holding myself until the pain became too much and I gave up trying to wet. I’d tease and torture my bladder which always made it really hard to let go of a drop.

I really wanted to get to the stage where I just couldn’t hold it and started wetting myself.

I did a bit of research and decided to try a slow fill up. I’d read that it’s harder to hold on that way and you’re more likely to wet.

I was due to leave work at 1.30 and I would normally pee before leaving but today I let myself pee until 11am and then decided to try and hold as long as I could but drink a lot slower and smaller amounts.

I drank a mug of tea and some water between 11am and 1.30

When I left work I really didn’t need to go, if I’d gone to the toilet I would have had a wee but I didn’t actually feel the need at all.

In the car park I drank a bit of water from my bottle.

I was going to go straight home but decided to make a detour to the supermarket.

I wanted to buy some new cute knickers to wet. I chose some girlie ones, pink with polka dots and flamingos and some lovely pale blue cotton ones that were great for showing wet spots.

I took my time and also chose a litre bottle of apple juice. I wanted to try something other than tea to make me desperate.

Walking back to my car I felt a very slight heaviness in my bladder, the drinks I’d had earlier were slowly building up but it was hardly noticeable. I drank a few gulps of the juice and again a little water.

I then went to the petrol station which again was easy I didn’t feel any real need to go just a vague awareness. I then dropped something off to a friend on the way, having a little more juice before driving home for about 2.30

When I got in I left my uniform on, for about half an hour ,tight black skirt and tights with a shirt and black jumper.

I messed about feeding the cat putting some washing on etc making sure I took regular gulps of water and juice.

It was about then I felt the first signals that I had liquid in my bladder. Again it wasn’t a great need but more of a reminder that I hadn’t used the toilet for a few hours.

I took down some more juice and water.

When I hold I really like to put my hair up in bunches. I’m small/medium build with straight long blonde hair and blue eyes and I really love to hold in cute outfits like little dresses and tights. I also love holding in tight knickers and denim shorts with a belt. I like to feel that pressure in my bladder.

I took my uniform off and tried on my new knickers, which I loved. I decided on the pale blue ones purely for the pleasure of seeing them damp later.

I also have a pair of wondewoman knickers that are a little tight on the waistband that I always use when I hold. I put them over the top of my blue panties and changed into a soft grey t shirt. At this point I became aware that the liquid i’d drunk since my last wee was making itself known and the waistband of the panties was putting a little pressure on my bladder but i didn’t feel particularly full. I pushed lightly on my bladder and definitely knew I was holding some urine but it wasn’t uncomfortable.

I drank a glass of water.

I decided to do a little housework. I wanted to distract myself and just let the need to pee grow gradually. I put on some tight black leggings and went to the bathroom to tie my hair into bunches. At that point I started to feel like i was carrying a fair amount of liquid inside me so I decided not to drink anymore for the next 15 minutes to let my bladder settle and adjust. In the bathroom I took my time tying up my hair and felt the first little wave of desperation. It took me by surprise as I’m used to just being really full when i hold and bursting to go but not in danger of wetting. I knew I wasn’t full but I’d started to feel a little bit desperate which was a completely new feeling.

I didn't need to hold myself or anything like that but I definitely needed a wee.

I busied myself tidying up and doing boring chores but it was getting a little more difficult to do things as the urge to pee grew stronger. At this point my bladder was filling up, I could move semi comfortably but I’d started to struggle to hold it without consciously thinking about holding it in.

I made my way back to the kitchen and took a long drink of water and a gulp of juice.

I went back to my job of hanging up some clothes. At this point it was taking a fair bit of concentration to do this and hold my pee. A few times I had to pace around and shift from foot to foot. I never knew until today how it felt to genuinely need to put your hand between your legs and hold yourself. I managed to get my desperation under control without using my hands but I really needed to go.

I decided to test myself I gulped some more water and sat on the toilet with my knickers down and my legs apart. Immediately I wanted to start to wee which I usually can’t do when I’m holding even when I’m absolutely bursting unless I sit for ages and relax. I squeezed my muscles tightly and jiggled my legs but I was too desperate to carry on. I pulled up my knickers and leggings and put on my tight denim shorts over the top.

As soon as I did that I felt the tightness around my bladder and realised I was getting full and very desperate.

By this time I couldn’t think about doing much apart from concentrating on my need to pee. I paced around the living room, standing still seemed to increase the desperation so I kept moving, I wanted to hold it as long as I could. After a few frantic minutes of pacing I decided to try some more distraction techniques. I sat on the floor with my legs curled to the side of me while I caught up with a few texts. It seemed to work and for a few minutes the urgency disappeared but it didn’t last. I suddenly felt very desperate and had to press my thighs together and wriggle or I’d have started to wet myself but I still didn’t need to hold myself.

Standing up I bent forward bobbing and bouncing a little I’d now got a very full bladder and was dying to go for a wee.

I took the opportunity whilst in the kitchen to drink a little more juice.

I checked the time it was 4.45 and I hadn’t used the toilet for nearly 6 hours. I knew someone was due home around 6.15 and I really wanted to hold until the last minute.

I drank some more water.

It was a freezing cold day so i went outside wanting to challenge myself more i walked around the garden. Immediately the cold air hit me, it had snowed a little and it was so cold I started shivering and the need to pee increased. I was so desperate it took every ounce of concentration not to wet myself but i refused to put my hand between my legs I held on with my muscles i wanted to tire them out so eventually I’d start to leak.

Going inside I ran to the bathroom and sat on the toilet fully clothed I’d never felt this close to wetting myself and i wanted to push it as far as I could. I opened and closed my legs seeing how long i could go without leaking into my blue panties. By now I was beyond desperate and it was getting more and more difficult to hold it. On opening my legs I’d almost lost it i was so desperate i just wanted to wee into my panties. I carefully got up from the toilet and squeezed my thighs together but it wasn’t enough i was about to wet myself.

I quickly sat on the edge of the bath squirming and bouncing i had to go so badly. I looked at the time it was 5.15 i doubted I’d make it to the next 5 minutes let alone another hour but i wanted to wet in my dress and thick tights so i had to change.

I hobbled to the bedroom jogging on the spot as I took down my shorts and leggings. Suddenly the support from my shorts had gone and I bent over legs crossed bouncing on the spot as my pee threatened to flood my panties. At this stage i had no choice my hand was between my legs as i bounced from foot to foot. I’d never been so desperate for a wee in my life.

Finally i got control and with some effort struggled into my tights and cute little dress over my t.shirt.

I took on half a glass of water and gulped some juice.

With my hair up in bunches a cute outfit and bursting to pee I put on some music and made myself dance. It was torture on my bladder but it was worse if I stopped. I made myself dance and wiggle to several songs and then stop and try to hold on without using my hands to hold myself. I gripped the back of a chair fighting with every ounce of control not to wet myself or put my hand between my legs.

I was shaking with the effort I’d been without a toilet for nearly 7 hours and very very desperate for the last two of those hours.

I paced around the room glancing at the clock it was 5.50 I needed to hold it just a little longer.

It was better when I moved it helped me keep holding and waiting I paced back and forth making myself stop each end of the room.

It was getting harder and harder to hold it I stood doubled over frantically hopping from foot to foot i gasped when the first leak came I just couldn’t hold it anymore I jammed my hand in my crotch i was actually wetting myself. I held myself and regained control. I could feel the damp spot on my knickers.

I took my hand away and walked to the other end of the room, I was absolutely desperate as I tried to hold the torrent of pee inside me i felt another leak, my muscles had tired. I held on with my hand between my legs. It was 6.05 I took my hand away and immediately started to wet myself i couldn’t wait any longer. I bolted for the bathroom leaking as i frantically pulled down my tights and two pairs of knickers. I peed into a big blue jug for what seemed like forever.

I measured it as you can see afterwards and I’d held a pint and 3/4 inside me.

I don’t know if that’s a decent amount because I’ve never measured before.

I had drunk a mug of tea, over half a litre of juice and a lot of water.

Both pairs of knickers were wet in the crotch and my tights were damp.

I would have loved to have fully wet myself but I wanted to know how much liquid I’d been holding.

I really enjoyed it, it’s the first time I’ve leaked and started to wet. I loved the feeling of knowing i just couldn’t hold it any longer and it was beyond my control.

I’m definitely trying this again.

I’d love to take a shower when I’m really desperate, hold it and then just get dressed without using the toilet.

$$

$$

$$

*002*2018-02-28 10:22

7 hours ago, Krystal said:

Great story , excellent detail , brilliant pictures . I loved the detail and time posts , keep up the brilliant work ! :) xxx

}}

Thanks for the great comments.

I was nervous to join and post but I loved holding and sharing my experience.

Looking forward to my next challenge xx

*004*2018-03-01 00:59

Thank you it was so hard not to wet myself I don’t know if I could hold out any longer but I’m going to try.

Maybe i’ll stop using the toilet an hour earlier each time.

I’m amazed I held all that pee ?

*006*2018-03-02 16:05

Thanks, building the desperation gradually definitely works for me. I can last 2 and a half hours once I’m really desperate before i start leaking but I’m trying to last longer with each hold but it’s difficult.

The most I can hold without wetting myself is about a pint and a half but I’m usually bursting at a pint.

My goal is to hold two pints and increase my holding time.

My laundry is increasing as a result. Good job I have lots of panties ?

*012*2018-03-04 22:51

{{On 03/03/2018 at 6:41 PM, Spectator9 said:

You held a good amount, a bit above average. If you try to increase it, just remember that pain is a warning.

}}

Hi, thanks it felt like a lot to hold. I think gradual desperation is better for me. If I start to feel pain I just stop drinking anything else and just hold what’s already in my bladder.

{{23 hours ago, friendlyomo said:

I loved your story, thank you. It's so hot that you wore two pairs of underwear for tightness. I do that too sometimes. ?

}}

Thank you.

Yeah I really like doing that if I want to feel a bit of extra pressure. It’s torture but it feels so good ?

*013*2018-03-04 23:00

{{9 hours ago, moiamigo said:

Very nice. Sounds fun!!

Have you ever wet in that uniform? That would be good! What uniform is it?

}}

Hi, thank you. No i haven’t yet. I’ve got desperate at work but not to the extent I would in private.

I work in a medical environment and also do some teaching. I have a uniform for the medical work.

*014*2018-03-04 23:01

{{23 hours ago, Wetloverguy said:

Damn, that’s so cool

}}

Thanks ? it felt really good

*015*2018-03-04 23:08

{{On 03/03/2018 at 6:54 PM, Jack_86 said:

Yes, please don't forget that. But try to hold it without getting to much in pain and when you have reached the point, when you think that if you hold it any longer, it will be painfull, then just relief yourelf. Don't matter where you are and maybe you will someday like it to wet yourself in public. I can really recommend that. ;)

}}

Don’t worry I’m too health conscious to do any damage and I don’t like pain but I do like being desperate and wetting myself.

Ha ha maybe one day i will but I’m a bit too nervous for that yet.

I ended up having half an hour of unscheduled torture having to talk to someone I wasn’t expecting to be home last night when I was beyond desperate and i almost wet myself in front of them which was a horrifying thought for me!!

I

*019*2018-03-07 21:09

{{On 06/03/2018 at 6:32 AM, watchingherhold said:

A very detailed and excellent description of the build up to a full bladder and the desperation that followed. The detail given and the feelings during the hold were of the highest quality. I could picture everything as I was reading it. I hope you will write about your further holds in as much detail. Thank you for sharing your experience.

}}

Hi, thanks for your great comments, I’m glad you enjoyed it.

I’ve got a few experiences to write up as soon as I get time ?

*020*2018-03-07 21:12

{{On 06/03/2018 at 3:03 PM, stephcr said:

If a pint is 568 ml this means you peed approx. 1 liter?

This is really amazing! You do have a pretty good bladder.

Also I loved the amount of details to the story, please post more like this <3

}}

Thank you for the nice comments.

It certainly did feel like I was holding a lot.

I will post some more experiences soon ?

*022*2018-03-08 00:32

{{41 minutes ago, NiagraFalls said:

I like the thought of continuing to drink water even when you have to really go.

}}

I do that all through the hold, sometimes just a little every 15 minutes but when you’re really desperate you seem to feel it hit your already full bladder very quickly.

