Did you ever hold or (intentionally) wet as a kid?

Author: jkb1999

*000*2016-08-16 00:41

Looking back, I did it a lot more than I remember. I had, and still do have, a very strong bladder and didn't have my first genuine accident (after toilet training of course) until I was 15 so as a child I was always fascinated with what peeing in clothes or having wet pants would feel like. Something I used to very frequently was let out a tiny bit of pee into my underwear just before I reached the toilet. And I can remember three separate occasions in which I deliberately fully peed in my pants. I'll tell you about one of them.

I was playing in the park with my friend. I'd been there two, maybe three, hours and there were no toilets. It wasn't late but it was the evening and I knew if I went home to use the bathroom my mum wouldn't let me go back, so I ignored my growing need and carried on playing. But after a while my friend starting fidgeting and grabbing himself and we decided to call it a day and went home our separate ways. At this point I was really desperate but my house was literally two streets away and I could have easily made it home, but something in me decided now would be a great time to wet myself (I had become quite fascinated with it at this point). 

So as I started to walk home I let out little spurts, which I could feel but weren't visible. Then when I got to my front porch, I rung the bell and let it all out. And there was a LOT. At this age it wasn't sexual, but I really did like the feeling of my crotch going warm, pee running down my leg and listening to the hissing sound as it hit the ground. My mum was pretty surprised when she opened the door to the sight of me full on peeing in my pants. By the time I'd finished, both my legs were soaked and I left a huge puddle on the porch. She looked bemused but just said accidents happen and sent me up to have a bath.

I find it interesting that I was curious at such a young age. As far back as I can remember I've been interested in seeing others wetting too, I even have a vague memory of being in nursery (3/4 years old) and blocking someone from going into the bathrooms so that they would have an accident. How far back do you memories of these things go? Childhood?

