One tease is fun, two teases - double fun, or the first real planned accident

Author: alamanga

*000*2020-12-15 19:51

What can be better, than a day off, when no one is at home, no one is going to come home for at least 20 hours and you do not need to go anywhere else? Not today. Today definitely should be the play - as I thought at the very beginning. So, I really planned to lose control - I did not know yet, when it is going to be, what will I do during it, but definitely it was going to happen. The only weakness in whole plan was in two facts, that my bladder system is well trained and strong, as well I do not have a problem in peeing in the pants willingly. Someone may think it is a good thing... The hell it isn't, because the will then wants to give up before the actual muscles. And willingly pee myself after holding for a long time was for me something ruining all fun, as happened all the times before due to feeling kidney (probably) pain. And it was very much irritating.

So I decided to weaken the bladder a little before doing actual hold. At 13 am started to drink glasses of water every 20 minutes, avoiding other issue - the pain in the back holding that much. Up to 14 i was feeling the need, up to 14.30 i was kinda wanting to pee with a visible bulge on a previously slim and flat stomach. 14.55 i drank last glass of water and then went to pee-pee, because i was already moving from room to room, feeling the first spurt getting ready to come out. But... Not the time, not the time. Slowly and relaxing went to the bathroom, moving the pressure away to the point when i slightly feel it. Actually, i could not the flow at the first try, only at second, and that was a good thing to go.

I passed one hour only with one glass of water, to make sure i am not gonna wet not in the right time, needed to do some things for the home. Also I was thinking, what I am going to do: milovana teases fit perfectly, but which one? I wanted a plot and a fun, not just simply fulling and waiting, this was kinda boring, so I put two of those in the same time - Rapid Desperation Challenge and the Room Escape Wetting Tease. Both of them I passed before, few times successfully, few unseccsessfully, anyway, it appeared a good match between, because you are not just filling yourself, as instructed in teases, while one tease is making you wait, other one... is making you wait doing something! Waiting period of 15 minutes at the near-middle of Room Escape i spend doing situps, sitting with my legs to the chest or stading on one leg per certain amount of time. 

But... It appeared soon that I drank not enough or just pushed wrong buttons, being straightforward to the end of the teases with only damp pants, due to two spurts, being offered during Rapid Desperation! Yes, i did that instead of the hold, to make myself wet and get the further process of holding a little bit harder. Need to mention, before teasing myself I put waterproof sport pants on my boxers, and tied them to the almost dead knot, so I could not pull down them easily. That lead for the missing of part of the Rapid Desperation with underwear and mirror, i simply waited it through, holding the big and very hard bulge and feeling the first spurt is almost ready.

So now the fun gonna be real one - i rerolled both teases from the beginning. Coming through, I did almost all the tasks of the Rapid one, completely messing the variants in the Quest, to make sure I will not pass at the time. I wanted to wet myself. I wanted to have a genuine, even planned, but accident, losing control and flooding my clothes after extreme desperation. Being a long-holder, I usually hate desperarion, knowing how long this process can take as to feel good I need NOT to release before the urge gets unbearable. So I continue tease way to go, feeling leak after leak coming out, damping my underpants and slowly dribbling down my legs. I was moving around if not told to stay still, sometimes drinking the water if I was told, and the pressure grew and grew harder, until I became to leak almost twice per each minute.

I started not even feeling the small leaks, meaning, that I am right on the way, few minutes away of the very first complete accident ever. I was really lucky not having a task to let out a spurt in this roll, which could be end of my holding, but not in the right way. Trying to not think about desire to let it go right there, i moved to bathroom, preventing the cleanup of floors everywhere, when the first wave of even more desperation hit me. I did not even know, that growing dull pain can transform into something when you can't clench your muscles, even letting the spurt escape, organism started to act on the pure subconsiousness. Wave after wave, but I almost had the control, still trying to do the part of the tease. Sitting knees to the chest made me lose another two leaks, despite I did that countless times before. It was the edge of the point without return.

The breakpoint came with the awfully cruel task for I bet anyone in pee holding, when i needed to lie down and press my incredibly full bladder to counter. The pain in my lower part rose immediately, i let out the first spurt involuntary, clenched as tight, as I can, but the second escaped, the third, and the fourth...

And at the moment the urge went completely overwhelming I just lost the feeling of my sphincter, i lost everything, all the control. Just the bladder itself started to move heavily inside me, contracting and pushing the pee right in my pants in long and powerful spurts. I could do nothing at all, I did not feel anything but the extreme urge, while bladder was pushing and pushing, making me freeze at position and helplessly wetting my pants with warm pulsing flow. I peed like that for mostly ten seconds, I peed almost a half of the still aching bladder, when the flow suddenly stopped to start just again in a small steady stream. I felt so much lighter, but still not relieved, do i just forced everything out of me in my pants, peeing them through as the almost waterproof tissue could not hold it.

But the fun was not over, as the tease was just finished, allowing me pee (surprisingly at the time!) and asking, if I am horny enough... Enough - I was all wet and shivering, but I wanted a little bit more, so I went in my clothes in the shower, filling the pants with warm water as much, as i can. I wish I could be a girl at this moment to get away the showerhead, pull down the pants and stream the thick and strong flow right at the most sensitive part, but... I did almost the same, undressing completely and putting the flow direction right backwards of the tip of my penis, a bit under it. I lasted hardly few seconds, when my penis started contracting and the first wave of pleasure began to rise inside me.

When you do masturbate in that way, as the orgasm comes slow and truly inevitable, you have the contractions first, which are becoming stronger and stronger, passing the pleasure all through your body and making you clench all muscles tightly in extreme edge right before the explosion. The orgasm itself hits you smooth, but way stronger and longer, like a big wave than compared to ordinary masturbation, and you feel the pulsation of your gushing penis all through your body. Just as it was as I came. Now the challenge was truly completed. I laid down the bath and relaxed, peeing from time to time and almost not feeling it, as the bladder did not wanted to be back in control. It also relaxed completely.

$$

