First ever delicious wet orgasm

Author: SNESjess

*000*2012-07-04 11:20

Hey guys, I really want to be a part of this community so I thought I'd share my first ever orgasm experience with you guys!

Ok, so I had my boyfriend fly down from America to Australia for 3 months.

We had a lot of sex, 4-7 times a day, in fact the second we were alone for the first time we basically were having intercourse within seconds. I decided not to push my pee fetish onto him though, knowing that if I messed up our relationship in the first 3 months he was here he might never come visit again.

How wrong was I when I assumed he wasn't into that kind of thing...

So when I am holding on to pee I get really aroused. If I hold on for too long I even get creamy and sticky from the constant squeezing of my throbbing vaginal/urethra muscles.

Being around my man in the physical world (we had a long distance relationship) was so incredible. I just wanted to pleasure him continuously until his hunger was satiated, and then some. So I held my pee in all the time, resulting in my aroused body pretty much throwing itself at him, and the second before we would get serious I would dash out to pee.

That all changed one fine morning.

On such a fine morning I woke up before my lover, happy to see he was nice and hard. Ignoring the fact I had to pee really bad I got to work on making myself nice and creamy, being careful not to touch my swollen clit as that would have made me gush pee everywhere from the sharp intense pleasure.

Satisfied, I climbed on top of him and slowly started to fuck him as he moaned in his sleep. It was actually quite a while before he woke up, but by then I was in too much of a lustful frenzy of pounding him inside me I couldn't care less.

I was really wet, my clit slipping around and grinding against his pubic bone, his thick black hairs tickling it as well. I was practically yelping with pleasure by now, but as soon as my clit started to get physical contact I literally swallowed my yelp into a whimper, my pussy tightening up from both a pent up orgasm and needing to pee.

And oh god, the BURNING. It felt like I was just about to pee, that very edge one gets with a bursting bladder and a teeny bit starts to leak out.

I sat on top of my man, squeezing so tight I'm surprised it didn't hurt him.

"What're you doing? I was so close!"

"Oh, sorry baby!"

Oh my god it felt so good. I couldn't hold anything in anymore. I needed to fuck him, needed to feel his manhood swell up and fill me with his burning cum, but at the same time I needed to pee so bad and it felt so good but I NEEDED it to be better. I had to fuck him, nothing else mattered.

So I did.

Gasping and then moaning I rode him hard and fast, making him jump a little from the spontaneousness. The burning got more intense, my pussy was squeezing the living daylights out of him, my pussy was throbbing so much I couldn't take it anymore. Grabbing hold of his shoulders I gave him my all, my excited pants and squeals turning into full on screams. My entire body locked up. It was a little scary, not being able to move at all but it was insignificant in comparison to how good it felt. I was light headed and close to fainting from climax after climax, my pussy alternating from squeezing tight and loosening up to pee. At this point my lover had started coming, his own shouts making it all twice as intense. Fuck, I love it when he makes a lot of loud noise when he comes.

Afterwards I jumped up, embarrassed about all my pee, apologising again and again.

And that, ladies and gentlemen is my first ever orgasm AND wetting experience. (Apart from pools and showers, haha)

I hope to have many more to share with you all. :)

