Wettest day ever, part 2 of 3

Author: trekkie

*000*2021-02-07 11:21

Okay, the next part of a story I started to tell a while back but decided to break up 'cause it was getting too long.

And, actually, it’s probably not my ‘wettest day ever,’ considering the time years ago that it rained really heavily and I took advantage by spending the whole day going all over town by bus and getting one big soda after another and just holding it until I wet over and over. But, I digress.

So, the day before, I’d had a lot of soda and was running to the bathroom over and over, even once wetting myself in the car and having to get out as soon as I could and finish peeing my pants on the road to save my cloth seats, right? And I’m a bedwetter anyway, right? So surely I woke up soaked the next morning… right?

Nope! I hoped I would, and even had a couple glasses of water before bed to make it even more likely. But, disappointingly, I woke up that morning totally dry.

However, I also woke up having to go pretty badly. So, I decided it might be good to let go in bed. I’m trying to have more wet nights, and also be more comfortable in a wet bed so I can go back to sleep if I wake up partway through a wetting like I sometimes do. So, my first thought was that I should just immediately stop thinking about it and pee where I was, hoping it got me just a little closer to letting go in bed on instinct without waking. However, I really didn’t want to do any more laundry. I’d tossed my wet clothes from the day before into the wash with the rest of the hamper and turned on the machine when I got in just before bed, and there wouldn’t be anything to wash it with, and I didn’t want to waste a full load worth of soap and water on just one sheet, one mattress cover, and one set of pajamas.

I thought I’d spare myself some laundry by putting down an absorbent pad. I have them but don’t keep them on the bed most of the time because I like to see the wetness when I really do wake up wet. Instead of a pad that’s just yellow in the middle, I want a nice big sheet-soaking; to me, any kind of wetting is nowhere near as much fun if there’s no show. All that normally protects my bed is a vinyl waterproof mattress cover, with a normal mattress pad on top of it so it still feels cushiony. But again, I want to wet the bed more often and stay comfortable in it, and “practicing” letting go in bed seemed like something to try. So, starting a few days before this incident, every time I’m home, need to pee, and have reasonable privacy to do this, I will lay down, try to relax and feel like I’m chilling in bed, and then pee myself and stay in it a while, hoping to teach myself to just let go at night. I’d be washing multiple times daily without the pads!

So, I pondered it. Shall I let go and consider the extra soap and water an acceptable loss? Shall I go get a pad and then do it, sparing my sheets but risking reinforcing the idea that the bed is not a place to just let go and you have to make sure it’s okay first? Or should I just go to the toilet ‘cause it’s easier, and spend the morning doing everything I didn’t have time to do the night before ‘cause I got in so late? As I thought of this, I’d already gotten up to go get one of those pads.

However, I guess a bit of the soda-induced fast-forward desperation was still around. Lying in bed, I had to go so bad it hurt but I still felt like I could hold it a bit longer. I never questioned my ability to actually make it down the hall, or get out a pad and put it in place. But I got out of bed and took one step and… you know when the feeling goes from simply having pain and pressure in your bladder to feeling like it’s radiating throughout your body? I’ve heard people talk about it feeling like the back of your teeth were floating, and thought it was some silly metaphor, talking as if you had so much pee in you that it’s filled your body and reached head-level. But no, it actually felt like some kind of pressure behind my teeth as if some sort of liquid was trying to push them out of place. (The first time I felt that, years ago, it was the weirdest thing, enough to take notice even if I had, of course, more pressing matters to attend to.)

Annnnnnnyway, I felt that. And it’s the final sign that you have three seconds, if even that, to soaked pants. So I started to run to toward the bathroom and didn’t even make it two steps, let alone three seconds, before pee was running down my legs.

All that description makes it seem slower than it was. It happened really fast. I woke up desperate, considered what to do for about the amount of time it took me to swing my legs over the side of the bed and stand, was now SUPER desperate, took two steps toward where I keep those pads, and was peeing my pajamas before that second step could reach the ground.

I decided to enjoy it for a little while. I struggled to hold, as hard as I could, just so I could watch and feel it spread over my pajamas, drag out the time where I was struggling to hold it and still wetting myself with no control just like in my favorite real and fictional omo stories. However, when the pee running down my legs reached foot level, I got back onto my protected bed so it wouldn’t get on the carpet. The nice warm flow spreading under me was wonderful. When it started to taper off to the point that it was no longer painful to try and hold the rest, I went ahead and released it, enjoying the wet warmth as it spread farther. So, even though I didn’t wake up wet and did end up with the cleanup I was trying to avoid, it was still a great way to wake up!

Next time, the thing I actually wanted to talk about before I decided I may as well recap the two accidents that happened so soon before.

