My best friend and my night of wetness!

Author: ITXCPTR

*000*2012-07-06 15:27

Hey everyone. First time i have ever posted something like this. So sorry if my writing isnt the best.

This is a real life event which happend between myself and my best friend on Wednesday night. I was debating if i would post it but i have decided to.

So her and i are really close, both as true best friends in that we really care about each other and also we are totally comfortable being around each other naked and sleeping in the same bed etc. And we also like to try some other things out. She isnt into peeing nearly as much as i am. But she is always willing to have some fun so long as i never set her up in public. We have been best friends for about 3 years now, she is 20 I am 23

So anyway to our story. Wednesday night, she was staying at my place. She tends to stay at my place on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and i stay at hers on Thursday and Friday. We both live roughly 50KM away from tafe which is kind of in the middle between us so we stay at each others places to save on petrol and that.

So we got home to my place at about 1630 in the afternoon. It was quite cool, we live in Australia and its our winter this time of the year. So we headed straight for my bed, heating costs money. Lying in bed together keeps you warm and is free.

So we were lying in bed together with our laptops chatting and working on stuff we needed to finish for tafe. We study film and televison and we are currently working on a script together for a short 20min film. So we worked on this for a few hours while having a few drinks. We were also hungry and I called up to order pizza, an old high school friend of mine works at the pizza shop running deliveries. My house has electronic door locks so i can use my laptop to let him in and not have to get out of bed. 

So we ate out pizza and had, had a few more drinks it was about 2100 by now and both her and I were quite tired. We had each had about 6 or 7 beers by now and so was starting to feel the effects of it. Both on us feeling a little tipsy and also on our bladders. I was in that really bad tingly feeling phase which I find is more uncomfortable than when it actually hurts. From her body language and fidgeting she was in about the same. We had both been saying to each other for almost an hour now that we need to go pee. But we were comfortable and warm in bed so had been putting it off.

Also once you break the seal so to speak when you have had some drinks you have to go pee all the bloody time! Once it got to about 2200 we decided we should start thinking of sleep, by this stage we were just flicking through images on 4chan and very demotivational. We had to be up at 0700 the next morning to head back off to tafe. So we took out pants and shirts off while still in bed. Her and I always sleep in the same bed together in just our underpants. I know some people say you shouldn’t sleep in the same bed as your best friend.

But we are totally comfortable doing it. Plus in the colder months good to have someone to cuddle upto. We both still hadn’t gone to pee yet, last time both of us had peed was when we left tafe at just after 1500 and it was now 2230, plus we had had some drinks so we both had to pee pretty badly indeed. And I could tell she was starting to get to the end of what she found enjoyable fun. So I offhandly said to her that why don’t we just wet the bed rather than getting up?

After she thought about it for a whole 20seconds then agreed, I wasn’t expecting her to. She hadn’t seemed like she was in the right mood to play those games. But I think it was a combination of being tired, really desperate to pee and not wanting to get out of bed. So we both took our underpants off cos we didn’t like the idea of sleeping in wet underpants. I asked her if she would lie on me when she peed. I love the warm feeling of being peed on. And she agreed though it was more in a way sitting on me. And she finally let it all go. Unless you have ever had a girl or a guy pee on you you wont know how amazing the feeling of it is, its so warm and enjoyable. She peed I recon for a full min and she peed quite forcefully aswell. I almost accidently had sex with her while she was peeing. She was peeing on my private area and as you can imagine I got pretty hard pretty quickly. Once she had finished peeing, she lay back down next to me and the look of relief on her face was massive.

I gave her a huge hug and thanked her for doing that for me. She always tells me its nothing and that im her best friend and she is happy to. But I still like to make sure she knows how appreciative I am. So after that, I still had to pee very badly but with a bit of an errection still it took a sec for me to be able to. Rather than me lying on her, being a guy I don’t need to so she just lay on her side and I lay on my side facing her. And let my pee out on her. I peed for a good min myself. And wow did I feel better after that! So now the two of us were lying in bed together naked in a pool of pee which was getting quite cold. I always keep a few towls next to my bed for really any reason so used some of them to dry up some of it and did all this while still in bed. I should point out too at this point that we were both very tired and wanted to sleep. So once we had got some of it we just fell asleep hugging.

Though for the next hour and a half we really didn’t sleep very well and were drifting in and out constantly. It was a mix of being cold, not being used to sleeping naked together as we always keep our underpants on. (despite all the stuff her and I do. We have only ever had sex a handful of times when one of us needed to get rid of some stress or something. We actually arnt really attracted to each other like that.) and also as we had now both broken the seal we were finding every 15-20min needed to pee again. So we just went when we needed to, which woke the other person back up cos of the warmth.

So finally after a night of very disconnected sleep my alarm on my iphone went off at 0700. And we woke up in a messy mix of pee, bed cloths and being tangled up in each other. And I bet we both smelled pretty rank aswell. So we decided to take a long warm bath.

We never made it to tafe on Thursday. After we had our bath and cleaned up the mess we made just drove to her place had some food and passed out in her bed until the next morning.

So I hope you enjoyed this story. Everything here is 100% true and accurate to what happened. I apologize if the good bits were surrounded by crap. This is the first time I have ever written a story since primary school when I was like 10 years old. I only really know how to write scripts for film. Please give me feedback, I have a lot more stories of some of the interesting stuff my bestfriend and I have gotten upto. And if people want I am willing to post some of them.

*004*2012-07-08 16:24

Glad people enjoyed it!

I have always enjoyed bedwetting, and i think it is cos when i was young i had a bedwetting problem for years and i think one of the reasons i had the problem for so long is cos even as a kid i enjoyed it. I have only ever experienced it with 3 different girls. Once with one of my sisters friends back in high school. Once at a party but that was mainly cos she was drunk passed out and wet herself in her sleep. And then several times with my current best friend. Though this story is the first time we have ever done it before sleeping. Other times we have woken up and peed the bed before getting up just for a bit of fun.

Wettiwetti, it is an amazing feeling and with a girl you really love and care about is incredibly intimate and it alot of fun to do. It is also totally harmless and safe (maybe not sleeping in it all night all the time though) I love it. And i am really thankful that i have such a wonderful and amazing friend to start off with. And even more so that she is willing to do this stuff with me. And even though peeing isnt like her favorite thing in the world i know she does enjoy it aswell.

