Accident in the car

Author: dayzioux

*000*2022-04-05 06:19

This happened about a year ago in my ex girlfriend's car. We went to a friend's show downtown and I found myself in quite the predicament.

For some background: My (M) ex girlfriend, we'll call her mae, introduced me to omo. We had an extremely intense relationship where most every aspect of it revolved around our dynamic, I was her submissive she was my dom blah blah blah. Mae was a softer dom and mostly just liked to make sure I was taken care of, but when it came to omo she was pretty hard. Nothing I didn't enjoy

Our friend's band had an album release show downtown and we decided we'd go and support them. I pregamed pretty hard and was already tipsy when we got there, and it just got progressively worse as the night continued. The show was a blast and as it was wrapping up Mae suggested I go to the bathroom, as I hadn't gone all night and had been drinking. Caught up in the adrenaline rush , I brushed it off and elected to hang out with everyone in the back before leaving. We stayed around for maybe another hour before she decided it was time we got home.

She, again, urged me to use the bathroom before we left. And I, again, neglected to do so. If I had gone to the bathroom, I probably could've pissed, but it was not a pressing issue at the moment. With a sigh she just took my hand and led us out to the car. We lived in a small duplex about 2 hours out of the city and about 20 minutes into the ride I felt a slight twinge in my bladder. No problem though, I could hold it. We continued our trek home and about an hour into the trip my need doubled. funny how four lokos can do that. I remember crossing my legs and considering asking her to stop for me.

But I remembered how she'd asked me to use the bathroom twice and I had neglected, something I'd definitely get in trouble for if I told her I had to go. We continued talking about the show, how fun it was, how we need to go out more often, when a particularly strong urge hit me. I stuttered and squeezed my legs shut, and Mae shot me a disapproving look, but said nothing. I was beginning to seriously worry I wouldn't make it home. Even if we did make it home, I wasn't sure Id make it to the bathroom. with 30 minutes left in our trip, I was in the endgame. Crossing and uncrossing my legs, desperately trying to find a comfortable way to sit that didn't put too much pressure on my bladder. Mae finally sighed heavily and looked over at me.

"Baby, do you need to go to the bathroom?" she asked softly. equal part dissaproving and sympathetic to my struggle. The small twinges in my bladder had now turned into strong, painful ones. I whined.

"Yes." I answered her, probably looking guilty as hell.

"Is it bad?" She asked

"Yes."

I was already in trouble, I knew this. If I had asked for a bathroom earlier she probably would've been more understanding. But now, I had directly disobeyed her.

"Do you think you can make it home?" She asked sweetly, feigning innocence.

I hesitated before answering

"maybe...?" She cracked a wolfish grin, and that was enough for her.

With 30 minutes still left in the trip, I tried to hold on best I could. squirming and restless in the passenger seat. Trying to hold decent conversation to distract both myself and her from my need. maybe she'd just forget and I'd get away accident and punishment free :^D

This was not the case. Shortly after, I leaked. Bad. My bladder contracted and I squeaked and desperately threw my hands into my crotch to stop the stream, but it wasn't nearly enough. I spurted for about 2 seconds before regaining my control, and I was left with a wet spot on my jeans.

Observing the commotion with a shit eating grin, she just chuckled to herself.

"Did you have a little accident baby?" She asked lightly, innocently looking over at me. I couldn't do much more than nod my head. I was beginning to panic, there was absolutely no way I'd make it home now.

With more whining from me and patronizing, humilating comments from Mae, I spurted again, and again. The wetspot now reached my mid thighs and covered most of my ass. Mae just laughed lightly at my predicament, half-heartedly encouraging me to hold on. I was leaking regularly and it was painful. My bladder was so full and I was drunk and I honestly just wanted to be home in our bed. But the little humilating comments from Mae sparked continuous interest within me. "hold it like a big boy for me. You're an adult, you shouldn't be wetting your pants in my car". little chastising pokes at the immaturity of my situation.

We were on a road I finally recognized when my bladder decided it had enough. With one last painful contraction, I lost it. whimpering and moaning little "no's" as my stream began.

"Oh no it's coming out. I'm going!"

I was completely helpless. It pooled inbetween my thighs and spread to my already soaked butt. And Mae just watched me

"Oh baby, are you having an accident?"

"Are you wetting your pants?"

"Im so sorry baby, you're wetting yourself aren't you? You just couldn't hold it"

I was humiliated. I couldn't stop the flow at all it just kept coming, hissing as it hit the inside of my jeans and then the seat, when the seat got too soaked, it began noisly dripping onto the floor mats beneath. The relief was strong, great even, but the humiliation was overbearing. I was silent until we pulled into the driveway. Mae got out of the car and walked to my side, opening the door.

"Look at you, all wet. This is what happens when we don't go to the bathroom, huh?" She said as she leaned over to unbuckle me. I shakily stepped out of the car.

"Im sorry." was all I could say. I was on the verge of tears. I just wet my pants in my girlfriends car. She at least had the decency to spare me some embarrassment.

"I guess it's okay. We learn from our accidents" she winked at me and lead me inside.

She ran me a bath and helped my drunk ass out of my wet clothes.

We later negotiated the kink and it made its way into our usual routines. But I'll never forget that night to be honest.

Unfortantely, we ended on pretty bad terms after I went to rehab. But thats how it is sometimes, doesn't ruin my experiences.

