Peed my pants returning from date

Author: MOV

*000*2022-04-29 01:12

This is the story of my first accident I ever had in my adult life, and for easily over 15 years for that matter. This was just a few months ago, and I’m a guy in my early twenties. I was hanging out with my current girlfriend, before we were a couple. At the time I considered myself lucky to have an attractive friend who was prone to pee emergencies (I would later find out that she’s downright accident prone, lucky me ).

The night in question began after we had fulfilled our work obligations, and decided to meet up. I pulled up to her house, and we decided to head to a casino about an hour away. During our time together, I kept an eye on her. “I have to pee”, “I don’t know if I’ll make it”, and “I’m going to pee my pants” are normal parts of her vocabulary. At the time I considered those exaggerations, but they intrigued me nonetheless. Besides perhaps the occasional “ugh I really got to pee” the night wasn’t eventful on her end.

However, I myself hadn’t used the bathroom since 3:00 pm, and we only left for the drive at 10:00 pm. We were there for a good while, probably to about 2:00 am in the early morning. Towards the end I really started to feel my need to pee. Despite her small bladder, she doesn’t like public bathrooms and will just hold it until she can’t anymore. So if she didn’t need to go to the bathroom, I didn’t want to go before her. Sort of stupid of me but I’m still sort of doing that. Once we had enough we took off for our hour journey home.

The whole time I could feel the pressing pressure of my bladder. I shifted in my seat a lot, but I tried to be discreet. I felt the Starbucks she bought for me hours earlier swish around in my body. By the time we got to her house I was bursting, and noticeably shaking my leg. Instead of leaving right away she lingered in the passenger seat, relaxed and in no rush to leave. She noticed me shaking, and asked if I were alright. I lied and insisted that I was drowsy and shaking to stay awake. At that she began saying goodbye so I could get home “and get to sleep” which my bladder was very thankful for. Once she left the car and I saw she got in her house alright, I immediately hurried down her street so I could get home.

She lives a half hour away from me, and I knew I couldn’t hold it that long. I came up with some businesses that might have a bathroom, but they would have all been closed at that hour. I’m not above peeing outside, but she lives in a more urban city than me so I had no privacy from onlookers. I barely turned into the next street from her house when I began leaking into my underwear. I even braked to a stop to regain control. Fortunately I stopped the flow before it seeped into my jeans. At that moment my biggest hope was a busy highway gas station about ten minutes away that I prayed didn’t close the bathroom.

The drive to the gas station was frustrating as I needed to traverse multiple stop light intersections. I kept the leaks to just losing a drop here and there, and I felt better once I got on the highway. Staying in motion felt better than stopping. Once I got close to the highway I made a mental map of my head where to park. I got my car into the closest parking spot for the door, thankful in more than one way that the station was dead with barely any other people.

Getting out of my car put an immense amount of pressure on my bladder. I lost a drop or two while trying to stand, but was basically good as I got to the door. However, my fears became realized as I tugged on the door, and found it locked. The station was not offering any indoor services at that hour. I cursed under my breath, and hobbled back to my car. As I sat down the realization hit me that I wasn’t going to make it. I took a deep breath and grabbed some napkins knowing I would soon need them. Just as I started backing out of the parking space I began peeing full force in my pants.

I peed for about ten seconds. I soaked my underwear, and there was a considerable wet spot on my jeans. As I began peeing I stuck napkins and a plastic bag under my butt to protect the seat, and while they did their job as best they could, the seat still darkened with piss. On the rest of the way back I leaked several times until my bottom was saturated. I peed so much that as I got back to my house I “didn’t have to go anymore” though my bladder was so achy that when I stood up in my driveway, it simply released what little pee it had left so that the lower portions of my jeans also got hit with a wet patch.

Luckily for me everyone else was asleep when I got home, so I was able to get to the bathroom and strip, and shower, without trouble. I knew I’d be aroused later, though I was embarrassed and couldn’t believe that I had an accident before the queen of peeing herself, that is, my now girlfriend. However, I later found out my embarrassment was misplaced, as evidently she’s no stranger to having accidents. I can’t definitely say she ever had an accident before me (beyond leaking into her panties a few months prior), but I’m sure it’s happened. 

Just a few days afterwards, she had an accident in her jeans after I dropped her off at her house but before she reached the toilet. A week or so after that, a similar accident in her leggings after I dropped her off. We talked and she admitted that the urge just hits her and she can’t hold it. At that I confessed that my leg shaking she noticed was me doing a little pee dance in my seat, though I didn’t disclose my own accident. Just in the same month, she had multiple accidents after that. None of which I was fortune enough to see, just called about during the aftermath.

I have a plethora of stories of just desperation with her, but for her privacy I won’t go into detail. However, I’m hopeful that as our relationship develops I’ll be present for more incidents. She doesn’t seem bothered by them beyond mild annoyance, so I’m more than happy to be a couple that gets desperate too often.

