Peed myself on the bus ride home (female)

Author: millie

*000*2019-07-21 00:27

If you haven’t seen my posts before, I have some very real bladder/incontinence issues. I’m also very shy about it so I go out of my way to not have to pee in public but it’s difficult with how often and suddenly I have to relieve myself.

Anyway, today I got lunch with a friend, but I forgot to pee before leaving the restaurant which was a huge mistake. We went to the Cheesecake Factory and I had two cups of coffee with my cheesecake, and then my friend propose drinks so I had two whiskey sours.

We walked around the shopping center awhile and my need sort of passed but then when we checked the metro schedule we realized we needed to leave immediately unless we wanted to be waiting 45 minutes for the next bus. It wasn’t until we got to the bus stop that I realized how much liquid was now pressing on my bladder and I started to get very nervous, which always makes me need to pee more. On top of everything, I don’t know this friend that well, and I’m still trying to get her to like me.

I tried to stay still while we waited for the bus but I couldn’t help but shift my weight from foot to foot and squeeze my thighs together when the wave came. When the bus started to pull up, my friend startled me by grabbing my shoulder and pointing it out loudly and I started peeing for maybe 3 full seconds, but I was able to stop it.

The bus ride was torture though, the seat felt like it was vibrating against my ass and pussy which felt good and bad in so many ways. I was getting aroused and afraid I might pee and I knew my cheeks were flushed but I tried to be cool and make conversation. The bus ride was almost 30 minutes and by halfway through I felt like I was about to start peeing any moment. I had my legs crossed as tightly as I could and was trying so hard not to grab my pussy in front of everyone. I finally told my friend I had to pee and that we needed to get off because I wasn’t gonna make it and we requested a stop. The stop was like 10 feet away while we waited for the light to turn green so we could get close enough but the minutes passed so slow.

My friend and I stood by the back bus doors waiting for it to open while I crossed my legs and bobbed up and down, trying desperately to hold it in long enough to get off the bus and pull my pants down (I had accepted that peeing on the tree by the bus stop was the best this was getting). Finally we started to pull forward but it was too late. My body let go and I started peeing. It was a little at first and I grabbed my pussy with both hands in front of everyone to my mortification, but I just started peeing more and more as the bus came to a stop and the doors slowly opened. By the time I stepped off the bus I was peeing fully and I just stood there and let it happen.

