My First Ever Wetting Experience

Author: sourpatchkid

*000*2016-06-26 14:37

Since I'm new here, I decided to start off with my first ever time wetting myself. I'll leave my exact age out in case of moderators, but I was in high school.

I was very much into holding desperation, but I had never tried it myself. My parents were out for a while, so I decided to try rapid desperation. I was already a little desperate because I hadn't taken my morning pee and so I started. I was drinking about 100 mL every 10 minutes, which seems a bit much, but I can hold for a very long time and I wanted to lose control before my parents came home. Since I was fairly bored during the first half of my hold, I decided to masturbate, touching my swollen clit through my panties and moaning. However, when I came even a little bit close to coming, hot pee squirted out from between my legs, showing exactly how desperate I actually was. I stopped, wanting to flood the tight shorts I was in, and drank another 100 mL.

Before we get too far into the story, I'd like to describe myself so you get an idea of how I looked. At that age, I was already fairly big in the bust (I was a 34C and still growing) with a slim waist, full hips and a round ass. I was small though, having to wear children's tops since anything else didn't fit quite right and as a result, my boobs were always on display. This particular day, I was wearing a tight white low-cut tank top, which was slightly translucent so that you could see my plum coloured bra, and Daisy Dukes that showed off my ass perfectly.

I was about 50 minutes into the challenge and wildly desperate. My knees were bouncing, hands jammed into my crotch and my boobs were threatening to come out of my bra. I could barely focus on anything, all my attention on my bladder and trying not to wet myself. My knees knocked together and I was grinding against my hands. I had never been so turned on! Before I could go get my next glass, my pee started to leak out. I grabbed once more between my legs, trying to keep it in and went and had another glass of water. I knew I wouldn't be able to hold it much longer, so I moved everything into the shower where any mess would be easier to clean up. I was shaking my ass, which somehow made me feel better and then drank another glass of water. I needed to go, and fast. I unbuttoned my shorts, trying to prolong my desperation and saw my bladder bulge. 

I was at least twice my normal size and as I drank more, I watched it grow. It was a total turn on. Soon, all thoughts had turned to either how horny I was or how desperate I was. My boobs shook as I bounced, trying to keep it in, and piss was dripping down my legs, my pee hole working double time to keep everything in. I drank another glass of water (I was around 1 hour and 30 minutes in, having drunk about a litre of water) and finally the floodgates opened. I moaned as hot pee ran down my legs, pattering loudly against the shower floor and soaking my little shorts. I was holding my boobs, still trying to hold it in and failing and finally I fell to my knees. I must have pissed for about 10 minutes, until finally the flow stopped and I rubbed myself to the best orgasm I ever had, even squirting out a little bit of pee at the end.

This is my first attempt at writing about my experiences, so if you have any suggestions on how I could improve, please comment

