I saw a diaper wetting at ACT testing

Author: Thstoneguy

*000*2021-04-17 21:51

The person in the story are 18+ she just turn 18 last month in fact and the story is true if u like it plz comment and I will keep an eye out for more accidents. Thz

I was at ACT test, a big test in USA, and we were not allowed to leave and to my left and a little in front of me was a girl that I had suspected used diapers. Well it's was getting toward the end the end of the testing, it is 6 hours long and I noticed she was squirming a little. We still had an hour left and I was done with my test so I continued to watch her. When she was younger I noticed in between every class she would need to use the bathroom so I figured she had a small bladder and I later over heard her talking to her friends and I was right so I knew the squirming meant she had to pee and bad.

She kept crossing her legs and about 45 minutes before the test was supposed to finished I saw her do something odd. She stop squirming as much and spread her legs slightly then I thought I heard a quiet HSS sound but it was cut of quick. I though it was nothing then I heard another quick HSS sound that cut of quick and I started to listen more closely. Sure enough I heard about 5 more HSS sounds that lasted about a second then were cut off. I look up at her face and she was starting for ward and her face a red.

After those five slurps I look down again think she wet her pants. But it was not wet and the I realized the odd spurting sound was her peeing in a diaper! After this I later closed attention because she kept squirming. I think she just wanted to relieve some of the pressure on her bladder. The teacher gave a 5 minute warming and I could tell she was happy but after five minutes something happened. She was really squirming now and read to go to the bathroom but the teacher said there was an extra part to the test that we had to do and it would be another hour and a half. I saw her face drop. 

About 30 minutes in I was done[ I am good at test] and I started to watch her again. Not long after I started to watch her I saw her stop squirming a little and part her leg some. Then I heard one of her spurts HSS and it stop then I heard another HSS and it stopped and then I heard something that shocked me. It started out like a normal HSS but and the sound died away I heard a kind of sputter HSSsss HSssss and I saw her shake a little and lift herself a little off the seat. And I heard it hssssHSSSSSHSSSS she lost control and started meeting in her diaper i looked at her face and it was bright red. The HSS went on for a gokd while. I was closet and had good hear so I don't know if anyone else heard but I did. After a while it slowly died away HSSssss and she finally regained control. I could tell she felt better but I think she filled the diaper up too much because I noticed she never fully sat down.

After the test the school had a kind of party and we both went I followed her and she had tight ish jeans on and I was pretty sure I could now see the out line of a diaper. Idk why she didn't go to the bathroom when she got out cuz she obviously need to go still even though it had only been about an hour since she wet herself. I kept an eye on her for a while and about half an hour into the party I was going into the hall to get a drink and I notice she was following me. I got to the drinking fountain and she walked me the towards the bathroom I noticed she was holding herself a litt,e odd. That part of the school only have a family restroom and someone was in it. I saw the panicked look on her face as she tried the handle. 

I saw hers squirm for about a minute and then went to my locker which was only about 10 feet behind her. I then saw her stop shaking and crouch slightly then I heard the HSSSSing she didn't even try to just do spurts she just released it. After a few seconds I heard wut sounded like a small fart then and other and then I heard wut sounded like her trying to stop the stream. It started to fad away for a sec but then I heard a slightly louder fart and then I peeked around the locker she was facing the other way and I could definitely she the diaper outline now. At that moment I heard the HSSing start back and another fart then another and my jaw dropped I saw her bottom start to expand a little and I heard another fart and it happened. I heard her make a small wimper sound and her bottom or backside increase in size all of a sudden and then after a minute the HSSing stopped she kind of straightend up and looked down.

Her butt and front were notably bigger and then I heard another wimper and saw why when she turned slightly her diaper had started to leak and in her crotch was a small wet spot but I still looked very damp. It was not totally obvious though. I saw her start to move to the door of the school then I had an idea. I walked up to her and said hi she jump because she had been so focoued she hadn't noticed me at all acted like I didn't notice the diaper and wet spots and asked if she wanted to get a drink. I should probably say we did know each other and I did have a crush on her and I heard she had a crush on me too. I guess it was true because when I asked her she went even more red that she was and said yes to the drink. The was punch but i wasnt a huge fan. We went and got some and then sat at one the the empty tables I notice she sat down.

Slowly and I think I heard a kind of slurp when she put her full weight on the chair we talk for about half an hour and it was actually pretty fun I forgot about the diaper at one point and the party hall [that was in the gym ] only had about 6 other people in I saw her make an odd face then abruptly she said she had to go and got up and started to walk out. I looked at her chair and it was soaked. The chairs were hard and it looked like some of the pss and fallen on the floor by her feet. I looked up as she left and I saw her back side was soaked. I got up and went after her and said I would walk her to her car and I did I opened her door for her and she said thanks.

I said by and walked back to our table and then I saw she had forgotten her purse. Got it and ran back out side but she hadn't moved her car she was looking down and as I got closer to her car door It looked like she unbuttoned her jeans and was looking at the diaper she then saw me coming and didn't have time to button the jeans so she zipped the zipper and put a hand on the button I gave her the purse and saw her drive off. And the got home and started typing this cuz I had to tell someone thus has never happened to me befire.

