Leaking on the metro

Author: leakinglu

*000*2019-11-12 12:03

Hi! I've been a long term lurker but thought I'd finally create an account after what happened on Sunday night.

I was flying back to my city after going home to visit family, the flight was about 3 hours and the girls sitting next to me were super annoying so I decided to fake being asleep for most of the journey so that I wouldn't have to deal with them. Before the flight I had drank a 500ml bottle of soda but decided to get some more water on the flight, so had another 300ml. Because where my parents live is so cold I had thermal leggings on under my jeans and this have me an idea. I could try and force myself to do one little leak and it probably wouldn't be noticeable.

I was probably about a 5/6 when the seatbelt sign came on for landing and the toilets could no longer be used. I knew that the time between this and disembarking was normally about 40 minutes so decided to use this as a chance to pretend to be desperate, in a subtle way. About 20 minutes in I'm crossing my legs and fidgeting but not too much (not omocute but the thought that people could look at me and think I was desperate really started to work on me).

I casually ramped it up a bit as the time went on, but I think it had a psychological affect because I was really starting to believe my performance, my bladder felt as if it was bulging against my belt and the two layers felt like more of an obstacle than a safety net. As the plane went down to land I tried to force a few leaks but only managed one tiny one. Getting off was fairly uneventful, I did some minor leg crossing and leg jiggling but that was about it. We got a bus from the plane to the airport and as soon as we got into the building and saw the sign for toilets I decided that going would be helpful.

As I took off my jacket (it came down to about mid-thigh) I forced another few leaks. I really didn't want to pull my warm panties down to pee but forced myself too. To my surprise it was significantly more forceful than I thought and the sound of the hiss and light relief did turn me on a bit. Using my weak kegels, it took a few attempts, I forced myself to stop without full relief, then concentrated on letting out a few drops as I gathered my stuff again.

After baggage claim and passport control where I managed to act normal, but loved that people had no idea how warm my crotch was, I decided that I needed to buy a bottle of water to make up for cheating my hold by peeing. I drank all 500ml on the walk through the terminal to the metro and felt myself getting fuller and fuller on the metro ride home. I had to change half way so decided that for the second train I would let out a tiny leak at every station.

By the time we got to my stop, nearly an hour later, I knew I would have a wet patch on the jeans and I couldn't wait to look at it. I kept trying to sneak looks at my inner thighs to check for dribble lines but luckily I hadn't been that obvious. Standing on the escalators leaving the metro station I moved my case infront of me to hide myself better just incase and the leaks were happening without much thought at all, I didn't have to push them out. it was as if my brain thinking "leak" was an instant trigger for my panties to get damper.

If you don't like sexual Omo skip this, but the thought of all of it made me so turned on I just wanted to leak more and more. My nipples were starting to ache, they were so hard and rubbing against my bra as I walked home, with all the warmth in my panties, the pressure on my urethra and warmth against my clit, I really thought I was going to orgasm and lose it all as I walked.

By the time I got to my street I wasn't sure I would genuinely make it but I knew I had to drink more when I was inside. Getting the key into the main door of the building I did another few leaks and nearly moaned from the relief but they were getting harder to keep to a few seconds. Still I decided I had to let out a few spurts in the lift so that I could watch myself in the mirror, to make sure it wasn't noticeable Infront of all those people on the metro and the walk so far. I tried to subtly lift my jacket and check the size of my damp patch but it was a bit too dimly lit. As I got into my flat I was about to let out another I think but had to concentrate to clench everything when I saw my flatmate going to his room. We had a really quick chat and i stopped via the kitchen to fill up my bottle again, this time with ice tea. The noise of the water was torture for my full bladder but wonderful for my aching clit.

As much as I tried the leaks kept coming so I quickly went to my room. Taking off my jacket in the light I could finally see my sizable wet spot and forced myself to down the tea, while I held myself with my other hand. I was tempted to undo my belt a bit but I didn't want to make it any easier for myself. I tried to unpack for about 5 minutes but had to change to go to the bathroom (I didn't want to bump into my roommates with a wet patch) and it was torture. When I sat on the toilet I decided not to take off my panties but did pull down my new leggings to avoid ruining them too, and tugged on my nipples as I released my long hard stream into the toilet. The relief was the best thing ever and I can't stop thinking about my next opportunity to leak on the metro.

