House Party

Author: okay

*000*2016-05-21 17:13

A while back one of my friends told me that he is going to throw a little party between all of our main friends whenever he can get a free house.

Yesterday, he had an open house and decided to throw the party. All of us got together and drove to his house and we were all planning on sleeping over because no one wanted to drive home under any influences.

As soon as we got in I knew this party was about to be tons of fun. There was 2 vodka bottles on the table with a bunch of dunkin donut smoothies and these 2 vodka bottles were going to be split between 7 people. (At the end of the party both vodka bottles were finished, so it got pretty wild)

So I am playing beer pong with my friend Troy when this girl walks in. I never met the girl, but apparently one of my friends was talking to her so he invited her. Her name was Emma and she was 19. She's white and was wearing blue jeans and a sweater. She was pretty short probably 5'1.

So I am pretty tipsy at the point that she walks in. She comes up to me and we take a few shots together and she gets pretty drunk.

After a series of events I'm completely wasted and shes pretty drunk too. We all go outside because she wants to smoke and a few other people want to smoke. We all start dancing out on his porch at like midnight and this girl is just smoking and she just randomly starts peeing herself. I dont think she realized at first I noticed immediately, but I assumed I was just seeing things. At this point I could barely see straight so I just assumed I was probably just imagining it. But she was definitely just peeing her pants right on the porch with everyone there. It took her 10 seconds to realize she was peeing. She passed what she was smoking to the next person and looked down and just yelled "Oh shit! I just pissed myself!!" and we all just start laughing.

My friend who was hosting the party brings her a towel and she tries to dry herself off. After that everyone kind of just starts heading off to there beds and fall asleep. I was sleeping on the couch and there was a mattress on the floor next to the couch and she was sleeping there. I am pretty sure she didn't change her pants because when I woke up in the middle of the night I walked over the mattress and my sock got really wet. Or she changed and just peed herself again.

In the end, it was a great night I hope she comes back for more parties!

*002*2016-05-21 18:19

{{37 minutes ago, satyr said:

I've always wondered how people can not notice they're peeing themselves. Like, maybe on shall we say more reality altering drugs that do strange things to your senses, but just being blackout drunk?

From the way you wrote it I'm going to assume you weren't smoking cigarettes but still.

}}

I think she probably knew she was peeing but was just way too drunk to really care.

*004*2016-05-22 23:23

{{13 hours ago, Vulpis said:

Wooow lucky you :D

I think she just wet herself again in sleep. because she didn't noticed it the 1st time.. so.. yeah :D

}}

I think she just didnt change her pants. My foot wasnt really soaked, but it was wet. Now that I think about it, I guess she could have and it just dried

