Almost wet myself at the theater

Author: aumonier

*000*2012-09-13 00:03

I realize I never shared that experience in here (maybe with one or two contacts on MSN), so it is time I publish it I believe.

I was 23 or 24 at the time. I like to go in theaters and watch movies (over 100 times a year), and most of the time I go alone (I'm single). So that day like any other day I decided to go watch a movie after work. So I left work around 6:30 PM, and I think I haven't visited the toilet since lunch (around noon) but that was not a problem. I never use the toilet in the afternoon, I usually hold it after lunch until I go home, and it never caused me any trouble before, so when I left work, I didn't mean to be holding myself or anything else, i was just leaving work as usual with a bladder not empty, but showing absolutely no sign of need.

I arrived at the movie theater at 7:00 PM, but unfortunately, the movie i wanted to watch has started 10 minutes ago (the program I got was false), but as it was a short movie, the next show was at 8:20 PM so I just decided to go have dinner at Mac Donald's. Usually i did the opposite (dinner after the movie) so it may be the cause of my upcoming trouble. I ordered a menu (a sandwich, a large portion of french fries, a large orange juice) plus another sandwich, and I quietly sat and have my dinner while reading a newspaper.

Just after 8:00 PM, I decided it was time to go, I went to the theater, bought my ticket and was told that I can come in right away, the previous showing was over. I goes there, passing in front of the toilet, walk a long corridor, but when I am there it was not finished, so I waited a minute or two, then I am allowed to come in. It was a small room, with few seats, with only one alley on the right. So i come in, choose an alley in the front (second from the front to be precise), and sit at the opposite end of the row, next to the wall. I was the first there, so I put my stuff (small backpack and jacket) on the seat next to me, and just then I noticed a small need to pee. 

I just told myself it was just a tiny little need and stop worrying. I sat down, open my newspaper and finish reading an article I have started in the Mac Donald's. Five minutes later, someone arrives and ask me to remove my stuff so he can sit here. I did so, and realised my need to pee was getting stronger, and I was thinking about going to the bathroom after all. But while I was reading, many people has arrived. The row where I was was packed (10 people) and the other rows too. So I thought that, if I decided to go pee, when I will come back all the good seats will be occupied, I will end up in a bad seat where i won't see the movie very well. And i can't just let my stuff there with no one to watch.

So I choose staying there and trying to focus on my newspaper again. Five more minutes, and now I am really worried about my bladder. I can't read anymore (the lights were turned off, the commercials are on) so I don't have much to change my mind. Plus just at that moment there was a commercial for a diaper, with explicit liquid sounds. It was excruciating. I finally make my mind and stand up to go the toilet after all, but just then, the movie starts. People behind me ask me to sit down, and I realise that all the alley will have to stand up and they will be very pissed. So I sat down again and hope I will make throught the whole movie.

The movie was "Scary movie 2". I was already in pain, and at the beginning of the movie there is a scene where a girl pees for a very, very, very long time. It is a parody of "The exorcist", and it is funny, but that day, it was really something I didn't want to see. i started to fidget and move my legs (the guy in the seat in front of me told me to stop kicking his seat), and I just prayed hoping I won't disgrace myself. The peeing sequence ended, and it was a small relief. After that, for the rest of the movie, i was sweating heavily, holding my crotch discreetly under my bag, and i am sure i must have been completely red because of the real effort I was making to hold it. Fortunately for me, the movie was short (under 80 minutes), and I managed to hold until the end. For the one and only time in my life, I didn't stay to watch the end credits, and as soon as the lights were on again, I had my jacket on me and I was pushing my way out to the bathroom.

The corridor seemed even longer that when I arrived, and when I was in sight of the bathroom, I felt relief but also fear that i may pee every second, even before I arrived inside. I started unbuttoning my pants before I entered the bathroom, and just after I pushed the door, I felt a small spurt escaping. I just entered the bathroom, and put my underwear down. No one was inside, but the stall were on the opposite of the room. I just pissed on the floor all the way until I reach the urinal, and once there, I let go a flow I never suspected I had in me. It went on for a while. I checked my pants, but only my underwear were damp, no spot on my jeans. On the floor there was a puddle, but I didn't care.

This is the only time I nearly wet myself when I was not playing holding myself. And, even if it is not a complete wetting, it was the first time I wet my panties because of desperation since I was 6 year old (another accident I may share if there are people interested in here). After that, I have wet myself several time, but there was always a part of consent, of holding involved, even if I didn't always planned it to finish by a wetting.

