Some stories from my childhood

Author: Dwina98

*000*2017-12-04 12:22

Let's start with a background. I am a bedwetter ever since I was a kid. When I entered kindergarden,my mother stopped putting me in diapers and started to put me in training pants, but it was longer than expected. At day, I often have accidents. This continued until I entered elementary school, when girls my age was wearing proper underwear, I was stuck with slightly thicker underwear with inside filling. Back then I was a coward, I feared many insects. I still afraid of cockroach until now, but back then I feared dragonflies as much. One day a classmate (I can't remember if he was a boy or a girl) caught a dragonfly and teased me until I cried and wet myself. My training pants was wet so much that I had to sit to prevent it sliding down. After that a teacher helped me change to new underwear, but I never see the panties I wet that day. I asked my mother days later and she said she threw it away. Thinking about it, I must had pooped in it back then.

At second grade to third was a brief moment when I felt how is it wearing normal underwear. At fourth grade? I had this accident in class, after gym lesson, I was tired that I fell asleep in class after I changed to my school uniform. That was a mistake for a bedwetter like me, the next thing I know a classmate wakes me up, "Wake up, you are wetting yourself" she said. I wake up to half the girls in my class giggling, fortunately the boys are still changing from their gym uniforms. Realizing what happened, I put my hands on my crotch to block the stream and control my bladder which still leaking in small stream. But even so, I peed a lot. The rear of my knee-long skirt and the front crotch is wet because I put my hands there blocking the stream.

Some of my classmates defended me saying that I was just too tired, they told me to change back to gym pants and then go to the nursery. I did that and asked to call my parent to take me home. I was embarrased so much by this that I stopped coming to school for almost a week. At that point my mother offered me if I want to go to school again if I wear diapers, the pants kind, and I agreed. For the next three months I wore pull-ups to school and was saved by it several times. Also from there, I wear diapers to bed when before I was always sleeping on a bedwetting sheets covered in rags my mother would wash every morning after I wet it. Years later, I mostly wear diapers at night. But sometimes I also wear diapers on day, like when I had a test where I know I can't get out to the bathroom until it finished.

What else... Perhaps I will write about a relative's wedding at 5th grade. My family got invited to a wedding out of town, so I had to stay at another relative's house together with many other relatives. It was a big family reunion. The day before the weding, when our parents told the kids to go to sleep, the mother of my cousin jokingly asked "who's still wets the bed?" and my mother instantly replied "dwina still do that" and laughed, followed by other adults openly saying their kids who are still a bedwetter. I was embarrassed there, but I played it cool. If I wasn't wrong, there was other 2 kids who is a bedwetter, one boy and one girl. But I was the oldest among them, the other girl was 3 years younger than me while the boy was 1 year younger than me.

Knowing that, my cousin's mother who asked who's a bedwetter reminded us to go to the bathroom before bed. At that moment, my mother again embarrassed me by telling her that I wear pull-ups to bed. The other two sleeps on a bedwetting sheets like I was a year ago. But instead of protesting like "your 5 grade daughter still wear diapers?", the mother of the bedwetting girl asked my mother if she can borrow a diaper for her daughter. Even the boy also asked his mother if he can wear one. The three of us sleep in diapers that day and we woke up in wet diapers the next morning.

The story still continue. The next day, I was wearing diapers under my dress. I did wet in it a couple of times. But for some reason, I feel like there was some kids who laughed at me. Only years later when I looked back at the wedding photos I realized that my dress was a bit transparent that I can see the gap between my thighs showing something bulky that was obvious that it was diapers.

I have written enough for now. I will continue more later.

*004*2017-12-05 04:42

I was expecting comments telling me I'm weird or something so I was a but embarrassed to open the thread. I'm surprised. ?

{{9 hours ago, MrSegasilver said:

Wow, really sounds like you were a super soaker!

Distant rimshot

Great stories though!

}}

I don't know what that means but okay.

*008*2017-12-30 05:02

Hi all, it has been a while since the last time I show up.

Also thanks to everyone who sent me messages, thank you for your support. ?

I think I will share another story, it is about a sleepover not long after my experience in fourth grade. A few months later, my class gets a homework, a group assignment. There are 4 people in every group, my group is a group of 3 girls and 1 boy,one of the girls is my closest friend in my class, I was glad we are in the same group. For a few days we worked together on this assignment, the other two did their job well but in the end my friend and I was the one who will finish it. The assignment was going to be collected on Monday, so the two of us was doing it on the weekend and I have to sleep at her place. But there is one problem, even after she saw me wet myself in class months before, she doesn't know I still wet the bed.

After we finished the assignment, we decided to sleep together in her room. I asked her to use her bathroom to change into my pajama, but she didn't know I was also putting on my diapers. I carried my diapers hidden in between the shirt and the pants of my pajama and she didn't noticed. After I changed I found her also changed into her pajama. I thought I fooled her, but when we played a bit before going to sleep, she slapped my butt. Childish girl things, I know ?. I think she didn't notice, but I was panicked and she think I was unnatural. It was then she tried to pull my pants, she did not pull it all down, only right before my thighs because I resisted, but she saw it and it was enough. She knows I'm wearing diapers and that I am a bedwetter, but I make her promise that she will not tell anyone about this.

The next morning I woke up wet as usual and my friend joked about it. "Eww, Dwina wet the bed," she said but not seriously. But I got her interested though, since she seems like slapping my wet diaper butt that morning ?. She was curious that in the next sleepover she asked me if I can give her one diaper to wear.

