A couple of tales

Author: Kian

*000*2011-11-11 00:34

I hesitated on and off about posting, but why not.

Me and bathrooms are a bit of a mess. I have no problems going in public toilets or anything like that, but I get the whole embarrassed don't want to stand up in front people people/ask/make a fuss thing. This makes things like car rides and cinemas a pain in the ass.

All of these tales involve cinemas, whoops.

Now, out of memory I don't recall ever wetting myself out of pure desperation. I wouldn't be able to deal with it in public (on my own, sure, I'd just have a carpet to clean.) I did, however, purposely wet and pee in weird places as a kid for a few years and somewhat hid it from my parents and that must have eventually morphed into this fetish.

The first instance of holding to the point of bursting (and my first lesson of "For God's sake don't sit at the end of a row of people against a wall") was during Shutter Island. A college film trip out. I sat against the wall a row or two from the back and lo and behold, 7+ guys fill up the row. I had a bucket of pepsi.

As there was a row behind me that would see me get up that I'd drag out of engagement with the film, I avoided standing up to go to the bathroom (in this instance, I knew where it was). I waited, and waited, eventually I stopped paying attention to the film for the pain in my bladder and trying not to make a fuss, so I manned up and went to the bathroom (missing a big chunk of plot too.)

The second instance was on a trip to New Zealand after college. I was taken to see Inception in Auckland on the last day in a massive cinema. I didn't know where the bathroom was and had a fair sized "Hi, I'm a tourist." bumbag which ended up sitting on my bladder. The cinema was semi-empty, but I didn't know where the bathroom was and I didn't want to get up because I was near the front.

I sat through the whole film and I honestly thought I would lose it, I moved the bag off half way and barely took notice of the film past about 3/4 of the way in. I tried to get out ASAP once it was over and look for the bathroom and I made it.

The last occurrence was in my single year of Uni. I was asking for it, mind you, but oh god I was so fucking close it was unreal.

We had lesson, two hours if I recall, I drank some iced tea beforehand knowing I'd need the bathroom after but I was like "Oh, whatever, there'll be a bathroom there." ahaha if only I knew better.

We went into a little inhouse arts screen, full to the brim. I prayed and prayed the film would end, because while my dorm was five minutes down the road, I wouldn't make it if I stayed much longer. I squirmed, I went red, I teared up, I was so desperate and distressed and made several false "I can stand up and walk out of here" movements before I actually did. I then desperately looked around the building for about five minutes and the only bathroom was locked.

I hightailed it back to my dorm room (thankfully on the bottom floor) and made it by the skin of my teeth. Never have I been so honest to god desperate.

