First accidental bedwetting in 15+years

Author: S333-2

*000*2016-11-14 19:25

I dont know if it is even erotic, but i wouldn´t know any other person i could write this to.. The last time i wet the bed was when i was like 4yrs old (almost 20yrs ago ..), only time it almost happened again was in hospital few years ago (sedated as fuck..) but i woke up when i felt the first drop come out of my urethra.

I had a real hard week, like 60+hrs of work and even more to do at home (recently moved, 2new "xtra luxury" mattres that were quite expensive. . ). Since i had to do a Speech today (Monday) i decided not to sleep between Saturday and Sunday for some extra time, which got me real fucking tired, so i went to sleep right before 18 (6pm).

Woke up .. tought how wonderful warm the bed is today and how good i slept and that i wish i could wake up that nicely every day. looked on my phone to check how late it is, to see its just about 5:30am and i could still sleep for atleast 1hr longer. So i rolled back into bed, just to feel my somehow swolen dick (while rollin over it). After that feeling i just had to put my hand down there to massage a little bit. As soon as i put my right Hand in my Boxers i could feel it! They were soaking wet (and getting cooler by the air floating in). I almost got an heart attack when i realized that i probably pissed the bed.

Meanwhile my dick swole so hard that i could feel my pulse going through it. I instantly tried to jack-off without even thinking about the mess, just how nice everything feels. It felt wonderful, even tho it wasnt a real sexual feeling and i couldnt get to any climax. Laying there in my warm wet piss, massagin my wiener, thinking about nothing but how i dont have to do anything for another hour. After like 5minutes of laying there i fell asleep again, only to wake up ~20min later by the cold ugly feeling + feeling like shit (feeling like i need 10more hrs of sleep). I changed myself and then checked the damage. Somehow only my boxers and one blanket got really wet, the mattres only had a damp feeling, but nothing too bad. And the other 7Blankets (lol) and 2 pillows seemed completely dry. So it seems like luckly i didnt have a full on accident but only leaked a little bit (my bladder is huge usualy).

Let´s see if something like this happens tonight ..

I dont know if i should like it, or be worried. On one hand it felt so damn good, on the other hand i hate the mess (and thats a reason i usualy never wet myself (way better to get wet by someone through some skirt or thong anyways :D ), not even in the bathtub etc. (+bc i get so hard before i try that nothing is able to come out xD )).

Knowing many of the docs here (med school) in some way also doesnt help with the embaresment while talking about it with a doc (if i will need to).

Hope the english wasnt too bad, its getting worse and worse

*002*2016-11-15 08:20

{{11 hours ago, WetDave said:

Are you sure it was pee and not semen? It doesn't sound as though the quantity was enough for a full bladder, and that you didn't climax from massaging yourself indicates you may have already ejaculated a short time previously.

}}

Yea quite sure. Semen feels(&looks) way Different, and I would never ejaculate that much.

+the smell of the blanket just tells me its pee

The Massage didnt feel like jacking at all, it felt good but completely Different.

