Cinema desperation leads to unexpected wetting

Author: bob999

*000*2022-06-22 10:31

Some time ago, I had gone to see the Irishman with my gf.

She got popcorn and a medium cola, I got a Jumbo size cola and a bottle of water.

Unbeknownst to me the movie was 3 hours long. I sat down, took off my shoes to get comfortable and got ready for the film.

After about 15 mimutes - half an hour, I had drank my cola and started feeling my bladder fill.

A bit later my bladder started feeling full, so I took a trip to the bathroom only to find it closed for cleaning and I went back unrelieved.

Around the middle of the movie I got through my water too and couldn't stop squirming about and crossing my legs, from the corner of my eye I saw my gf doing the same, asked her if she needs the bathroom since I'm going too. We got up and rushed to the bathrooms, only for her to find a cue and rush to the mens with me. Her to a stall and me to a urinal, as I was about to undo my buckle I notice that I'm barefoot, I thought of getting back to my seat to get my shoes, but my bladder panged real hard and started fumbling with my belt just as my girl gets out of the stall. She noticed my predicament, gave my a sly smile with got me all embarrassed and turned to the urinal ready to go.

The moment I start someone gets in and gets to the urinal next to me, my stream unexpectedly falters and I can't go, nothing comes out. My bladder feels ready to burst, the pressure on the tip is maddening and I can't go, even when he left, not even a drop came out. Embarrassed and filled to the brim, I zipped up and buckled my belt which felt torturous and went to the bar to get a bottle of water in hopes that it would get me to go.

Every step towards my seat felt like a jab to my bladder. I got back to my seat sitting really stilted. My gf got whiff of this quick and asked me what's wrong, I wanted to explain but my red face said more than me and she found it a grand opportunity for teasing.

At the latter half of the movie I went through my new bottle, my bladder was swollen and felt round and hard like a mellon, squished by my dark jeans and belt, I was sweating profusely, I could barely hold on, let alone move, my girl needed the bathroom again and being on the outside seat I had to get up. I tried to, but my knees where trembling a bit, my gf not wanting to lose much of the movie, climbed over me and her knee pressed hard right on my bulging ball of urine, that made me leak hard and rush to the toilet alongside her.

Got to a stall, again same result, not a drop, my bladder locked up, portuding unnaturally and hard to the touch. I begrudgingly zipped up, closed the button and buckled my belt, all of them felt horrible on my bulging bladder.

I decided that I was going to hold it, till home. Mega (pint) mistake

As I got back to my seat I collapsed on my seat and wished the movie to be ending.

When the movie finally ended I couldn't even get up straight, then I practically dragged my gf out the theater fast enough to lose a flip-flop, just to get a cab. I couldn't wait for anything.

My gf saw my state, didn't even go look back for her flip-flop and rushed one shoed to the nearest cab to get us back to my place.

On the way back she was teasing me by showing me how dirty her foot was and caressing me with it and we agreed to with her for a new pair.

Near my place the roads are all bumpy and just as I thought I might get through it, we hut a massive pot hole. I leaked heavily and told the driver to stop, I gave gf my wallet and waddled towards my house (we were 2 blocks from my house, bad decision).

When my girl caught up to me, she was in a naughty mood and pulled my belt, tightening it hard on my bladder. I immediately held my breath, I got tunnel vision and rushed to my apartment complex, opened the door, got to my floor, in my house and started to fumble with my belt, just as I pulled to loosen it, I put the last straw on my camel's back and I started losing it.

My dark jeans got soaked, pee just kept coming, it felt so good I couldn't move, the relief was orgasmic, 10/10 would try that again.

