First Time Ever!

Author: littlebird

*000*2016-04-18 03:49

I finally did it!! For the first time ever, I wet myself in public (kinda)! I was at a park for a school project, and as I was packing up my stuff I realized I had a slight urge to pee. I was in a meadow slightly surrounded by trees, with a few people in the distance, but far enough that nobody could see me unless they walked down the path next to me. I spontaneously decided I was gonna wet myself, unplanned, in the park!

I let out a little jet into my leggings for fun, but stopped myself before they got too wet. I sat in the grass and drank some water and iced tea, until I decided I should get on with it. I would have liked to be more desperate but it was getting dark and I figured i should leave soon. I walked to a little clearing on the side of the meadow, and waited until i couldn't see anyone. I then took off my leggings, because they were light colored and I didn't want my roommates to see what I’d done.

I stood there in my flip flops and white underwear, and before I could change my mind, I pushed out a jet. Once that happened, I knew there was no going back, and I let go, two streams falling down into the leaves. I put my hand into the stream, not believing it was really happening! As it tapered off, my pee ran down my right leg and over my foot. I squatted down to push out the rest, and stood up, proud of myself for finally doing it! My stream was shorter than I would have liked, at around 10-15 seconds, but it was something!

As I took off my wet underwear and went to put my leggings back on, I noticed a guy my age walking on the path not even ten feet away!!! If he looked to his left he would for sure see me, he very easily could have seen me wetting but I hope he didn't! I darted behind a small tree, praying he didn't hear me, but I managed to get away with it! Once he was out of view, I put my leggings back on, and rinsed my underwear off with my water bottle. I'm sitting in my car now typing this, and I can't believe I really did it! I even let a little jet out into my car seat, just for fun :-)

I hope you guys enjoyed my story, it's the first one I've written but I have a few more experiences if you're interested! Until next time~

*012*2016-04-28 16:09

Thanks everyone! It really makes me happy that all of you enjoyed my post, I'll post my other one if you'd like!

{{ 

Congratulations on your first public wetting. It isn't something I have done , but I think the risk of getting caught is part of the thrill. I would be concerned about embarrassment or ridicule. So kudos to you for having the guts to try it. I too prefer to be very desperate when I wet my pants. In fact when I do it's because I can't stop the flow.

Welcome to Omorashi, I hope to hear more from you.

}}

Thank you very much! I always enjoy your stories too, hopefully I'll have more soon!

{{ 

Very nice story, public wettings are so much fun

}}

Oh, wow, thank you Gemmy! I've been lurking here for years and getting a reply from you feels like I'm talking to a celebrity!! Much appreciated

{{ 

Lovely story, thank you. Can't wait to read your next one. Don't be afraid to tell us how it feels, does it make you nervous to pee in public? I would be terrified! Xx

}}

Thank you Charlie! Wow, two omo celebrities in one post, I can't believe my luck!! I really don't know why I wasn't scared, usually I would be but I guess college makes me bolder or something! It was pretty fun regardless

