First Involuntary Wetting

Author: notthistime

*000*2020-10-07 07:11

First post, though I'm an avid reader (usually anonymously) - decided I should give back so to speak. Hope people enjoy it.

A week or so ago I was running errands in the afternoon when I realized I needed to pee a bit. Maybe a 4-5 on the desperation scale; about the time I'd usually look for a bathroom. I realized I had no other plans for the day so I headed home instead and chugged a bottle of water. I decided I was going to hold it until I peed involuntarily, which I have not been able to do before - I have a fairly large bladder and can hold it pretty well, though I rarely need to. I drank water regularly, a soda, some tea - anything that sounded tasty over the next couple hours. I was sitting on my computer surfing when I felt the first wave of desperation hit me. I was at about a 7 - bladder felt full and was putting out signals that I should empty it when I could.

I can usually hold it from this point for anywhere from a half hour to another hour and a half depending so I decided to make things tougher and went to the bathroom, peed for five seconds, then went back to my computer. After that I held it until I was starting to have to concentrate on not peeing due to the pressure of my overfull bladder - an 8.5-9. I went back to the bathroom and stood in front of the toilet, sat down on it fully clothed, and relaxed enough to let out a good sized spurt. I went straight from there to the laundry room and grabbed my favorite pants to wet in instead along with a clean pair of boxers and a big ugly quilt that I decided to 'repurpose' as couch protection by folding it over several times.

By now it had been 4 hours since I'd last emptied my bladder fully and I was absolutely desperate and struggling. I had to sit down carefully and undo my pants to keep from leaking. I put a show on the TV and tried to focus on that instead. The waves of desperation were getting more and more intense; I was sweating and breathing heavily with the struggle to hold on. A particularly big wave hit me and I felt a small gush of pee escape, immediately dampening my boxers. I had to squirm and fight to keep it at that - I wasn't quite ready to be done yet so I decided to make another trip to the bathroom for a few seconds of relief.

As soon as I saw the toilet I felt another gush and rapidly undid my pants. I pissed straight into them as I pulled them down before reaching the toilet and gasped in relief before cutting myself off again. I had to dance around and cross my legs as I redid my pants and walked back, thighs tightly pushed together. It was only 15 or so minutes later when I felt another incredibly urgent wave and felt a trickle of pee escaping. I couldn't stop it for several seconds; thankfully it was just a trickle. The next wave, I let out a small spurt, partly voluntarily just for a few seconds of reprieve and to catch my breath. And the next one my bladder spasmed and I spurted so hard it arced out of my pants and trickled down my hip. By now it had been four and a half hours. I knew things were dire when I felt things start to get numb and tingly; carefully I stood up and made my way towards the bathroom.

As soon as I reached the toilet I felt another incredibly wave of urgency hit me along with a bladder spasm and heard a loud hiss; I'd spurted again, straight down my pant leg and onto the floor. I genuinely had no control over it. I panted and squirmed to regain control before reaching down for my pants button; the second I touched it I felt myself starting to pee. I quickly recrossed my legs and decided to step into the tub instead; the second I stepped into the tub piss absolutely gushed out of me like a waterfall. I could barely even feel it. My pants were instantly drenched and squelching and an enormous puddle formed at my feet. I gasped , trembling, and leaned against the back of the tub as I regained control.

After a few seconds passed I felt another wave of desperation hit. I was completely powerless to fight it. it started out as a feeble trickle, then turned to a steady stream, then started hissing out of me. I couldn't help but moan in pleasure as I felt my bladder draining. I stayed like this, almost paralyzed, for about 45 seconds until the stream died down. I could tell I still had to go somewhat but it was like my body couldn't handle more yet. I sank down a bit, gasping, and waited for another wave of urgency to hit. Once one did I bent my knees forward and actively tried to pee; it came out so hard and fast it was like someone had a hose aimed into my pants. Rivers formed at both my ankles. This stream only lasted about 10 seconds and at that point I sank down to the floor of the tub to relax.

It felt goddamn incredible. I spent the next 10-15 minutes simply peeing any time I felt the need before running the shower to rinse off. First time I've ever completely lost control like that, but not the last

Hope someone enjoys. I'll probably post a few more experiences later.

