High School Accident I Had

Author: EEin

*000*2021-03-13 17:04

This would have happened in my 2nd year of high school meaning I would have been 14. This whole experience is pretty much cemented into my memory for a whole load of reasons. At this point in my life I was occasionally deliberately peeing myself at no point did a school wetting, accidental or deliberate, cross my mind because I was fully aware of the embarrassment it would entail. Onto the story.

As we were heading back to the school I started to feel a very slight urge to pee, nothing unusual, however on this day for some unknown reason the urge escalated a lot quicker than usual. I checked my watch and realized I would be cutting it very close to go to the toilet before the bell goes. I said to my friends 'let's pick up the pace so I can pee before class' and I was told 'chill, you can go during class, waste a bit of time'. Given my current state of desperation I agreed with this sentiment. As expected we got back to the school just as the bell went and at this point I was getting fairly desperate, to the point where I was slightly concerned.

I was one of the first people to the classroom so I asked if I could quickly nip to the toilet before class properly started but I was told I'd have to wait as lunch was just finished. I went to my chair and just by sitting down I became a lot more desperate. Before the whole class had arrived I was already leaning in slightly with a grimace on my face. The lesson got underway with a video on rock formation which lasted about 15 minutes and halfway through this I was bursting and crossed my legs in a kind of hail-mary. The girl sat next to me asked what I was doing and I responded 'I really got to pee'. Just as the video finished I could feel the pee right at the tip of my penis and as soon as we were told to answer the questions based on the video I shot my hand up.

This time the teacher let me go to the toilet. As I stood up from my chair a very small spurt of pee leaked out, I wanted to run to the bathroom at this point but realized that would instantly lead to peeing myself. In my mind I was thinking just get out the classroom dry and then bolt to the bathroom, if I pee in the hall my trousers are black I can deal with it. Once stood up, making sure I still had control, I shuffled my way to the door. I got about 3 steps from the door and felt a sudden sense of relief which stopped me in my tracks. I then felt warmth spreading across my crouch and eventually drops of pee running down the inside of my legs. 

I looked down and saw a damp patch developing on the carpet between my legs. It then hit me like a train that I was peeing myself in class. I then relaxed and just let the rest of the accident happen and I was pretty much zoned out. As soon as stopped peeing I patted the inside of my thighs which were unsurprisingly soaked then I zoned back in and was aware of the general murmur/giggling in the class and was able to make out someone say 'I've not seen anything like this since nursery' and someone else reply 'Yeah that's some young kids thing'.

I just stood there and said 'Ms, I need new clothes' and was ordered to the office. The walk there was very uncomfortable and awkward, it felt like one of the longest walks of my life and I can remember thinking in my head come on man, you're way too old for this. I explained that I peed myself to the office staff and was asked if my parents were able to drop clean clothes off and I replied that they couldn't as they were working so I was told to go to guidance. I knocked on my guidance counselors door and was asked what was up so I explained the whole situation to her. I was told to fill in a form while she collected my stuff from class and was then sent home.

*002*2021-03-13 23:26

{{6 hours ago, desp_wet said:

Were you teased much afterwards?

}}

A bit. In all honesty most of the interest was in questions from people not in the same class, as is the case in all schools there's a select few who were hard on me but most had a laugh at it for a few days and moved on.

*004*2021-03-14 09:45

{{6 hours ago, Alex62 said:

What did your parents say?

}}

The school texted them to tell them what happened and that I was sent home. On the way back I got from them telling me to put the wet clothes in a plastic bag by the washing machine.

Once my Mum got back I explained what happened to her. She was very understanding telling me that these things happen and to try and learn from it so it won't happen again.

