Sarah's school bus accident

Author: aqua

*000*2011-07-12 03:39

Sarah on the School Bus

(Sarah told this to me in great detail...)

From the time Sarah was about 15 she began to have to pee urgently, especially as she got near a toilet. Urge Incontinence is the technical name, and what an urge she gets. But this was new to her, but she figured it was just one of those things. While she had frequently (like almost everyday) dribbled and spurted in her panties while crossing her legs trying to get her skirt up or pants down, or while struggling to get her key in the front door, she had never really fully had an 'accident'.

The closest she had come was one time when she went in the side door of her house, as usual, but her mother had just washed the floor and refused to let her in, so she had to go around the front door, across the icy lawn (in winter), in spite of her loud protests to her mom that, "I've got to pee so bad I can't hold it....Please..." But she went around and managed to get to the toilet, although she did begin to wet her panties under her skirt and tights. Some damage done, but not too much. By this time she had so many mini accidents that she didn't bother changing her panties any more, but let them dry on her. She had some mini accidents in school, right at the toilet, but mostly they were at the end of the school day, at home.

Sarah was one of the smart and very pretty girls in school: about 5’5”, thin, small, pert breasts, dark hair and a quick smile. She had and has great legs and an ass boys would die for. She was popular, and not particularly modest, although not an exhibitionist. She always dressed well.

On this particular day she had stayed late in school and was rushing to get the last school bus; she could have taken a city bus, but it would take a lot longer, so rush she did, getting to the bus barely before it pulled away. While running down the stairs she knew she had to pee, but dismissed it from her mind in her hurry.

She sat down next to a girlfriend of her, who she didn’t expect to see on the bus since she was not a ‘regular. She was wearing a spring dress, light blue, somewhat above her knees, flats (and of course, panties and bra). No sooner had she sat down than her urge to pee grew quickly, she immediately began to shift her weight, and crossed her legs. Never one to hide her feelings too much she said to her friend, ‘God, I have to pee, I was in such a rush I didn’t have time or I would have missed the bus.’ Her friend gave a knowing and sympathetic look. The bus ride would take about 20 minutes to where the bus stopped, five blocks from her house.

Aside from shifting now and again the first 5 or 10 minutes were uneventful, Sarah talking to her friend about this and that, but after about half the trip things get serious. Her friend must have realized that Sarah was really desperate since Sarah had said nothing about having to pee since she first got on, but her friend said something to the effect about Sarah must really have had to go bad because she couldn’t sit still.

Sarah didn’t realize how much she was apparently moving around, crossing and uncrossing legs, shifting from side to side, and squeezing her legs together. When her friend mentioned it she said something like, “Oh, god, this is awful…” and paused. She squeezed her legs together, and began to put her hand between them, slowly, pushing the blue cotton material of her dress ever so slightly between her legs under her now somewhat sweaty hand. “I’m not sure what to do, I’ll never make it home to pee. I have to go soooo badly.” Her friend was sympathetic, saying she could come to her house, but that she had a long walk after she got off the bus, even though she got off first. “Maybe you could find a place to go along the way.” Sarah knew the neighborhood; only single family homes, no likely places except a bush, and her friend stop was only just before hers. “I’ll think I’ll try my house….less of a walk Thanks anyway.”

Sarah sat in uncomfortable silence for the next few minutes, but not moving her hand from between her legs. She didn’t bother to notice whether anyone aside from her friend sitting next to he could see her holding herself; it didn’t matter any since without holding herself she would already be wetting her panties, dress and the bus seat. So she slowly increased the pressure of her hand on her pussy. It seemed to work, and at some point she found herself thinking of other times she had held herself, stopping her pee at the gates, so to speak.

She remembered holding herself walking across the lawn in winter, making it to the front door, dribbling in her panties; she recalled a time in the car she held herself for the last few minutes, that time making it in the door with not too much trouble; her mind wandered to a time when she held herself in bed, and then jumped up, running to the toilet, almost bumping into her brother, her hand between her legs, her tee shirt above her panties, he looking at her…. Then she was jolted by a near spurt; and decided thinking about something else would work better. It was almost impossible. “Oh, shit, I have to pee so bad I’m about to wet my pants….”, she told her friend. “Really, are you almost wetting yourself?” Her friend looked intensely at her hand between her legs, and then across the isle at a guy whom she didn’t know who was watching Sarah.

Sarah was still not aware that he was looking at her, but her friend’s gaze called attention to it. She look briefly at the boy, younger than she, probably a freshman (she was a junior), but thought to herself, “Hardly matters what he sees, I can’t help it; if I don’t hold myself I’ll wet my pants…” The boy quickly averted his eyes as the girls looked at him. But Sarah did realize that her plight had not gone unnoticed. She pressed her legs together even harder, letting out a little breadth.

“You OK?,” asked her now quite concerned friend. “No, I’m dying to pee, I really don’t know what to do. I don’t think I can make it home without wetting my pants. I’ve never had to go so bad so far away from a place to go…I don’t want to think about it, but I can’t think of anything else at all…nothing!”

The bus bounced on the for last, awful, desperate ten minutes. About five minutes later her friend got of, which meant Sarah had to sit to one side so that her friend could get past her. “Thanks…and good luck,”, she said with a knowing yet sympathetic smile. Sarah smiled back, but was clearly concentrating on keeping her panties and dress dry.

Sarah managed to keep from wetting her panties and decided to ignore the boy across the way. Sarah sat in growing desperation, wondering what she would do if she began to wet her panties on the bus. She wondered if she’d just sit there, soaking her dress and pretend nothing was happening. She could pull up her dress, but then everyone would watch her in her panties…she could stand up and ask to be let off, but by the time all that happened she would have finished, and peeing standing up waiting to get off didn’t seem like a good alternative. Somehow, in spite of her desperate condition and her wetting thoughts, she managed to hold on until her stop approached.

As the bus slowed Sarah was almost sure she’d begin her first dribbles in her panties, and she was worried that she’d not be able to stop once she began. But although standing up was her biggest fear, she managed to stand without those first, telltale dribbles beginning, those dribbles and spurts she knew so well which, however much they’d soak her panties, she always, at least to now, managed to have just before she pulled her pants down, or her panties down, standing right by the toilet. But here she was on a bus. Her mind snapped back to the bus as she realized that the boy across the bus was really starring at her. She held on to the side of the seat as the bus slowed, not wanting to be bounced around. She had her legs rightly crossed, her butt pulled tight, her free hand holding her book bag. She felt like she could barely control herself. Her back was to the boy.

The bus stopped and the walked quickly to the steps, alighted from the bus, and without a look back began to walk quickly down the block. The actually felt amazed that she hadn’t wet her pants on the bus, which she fully expected to happen, but she knew she’d never get the five blocks home. She just knew….

The first block was a commercial area, lots of people and stores, and she dreaded loosing it there….she managed, walking fast, to get to the corner and turn left, four blocks to her street; then only three houses down….

She turned the corner and continued walking, but no more than about 50 feet she felt a spasm in her bladder and below. She stopped, quickly closing her legs and bending over slightly. She was about to jam her hand between her legs, not bothering to look around. But she managed to contain herself, and walked to the end of the block, although her pace slowed and her steps got smaller in order to keep pressure on herself. The crossed the street, thinking, “Only three blocks….” But she knew she’d not make it.

At the corner she managed to walk another 20 feet, and another spasm came on, quickly. She again stopped, crossed her legs, bent over, this time her free hand pushing her dress up tight again her cotton panties. In that position she again managed to contain the imminent flow, but it seemed increasingly hopeless. Right after the spasm subsided, she felt if she moved she’d loose all control, but she couldn’t stand there, near the corner, bent over, her hand between her legs….what would, what could she do?

It was less her concern from being seen, although she did look up and noticed no one walking, but a few cars going by. Briefly she wondered if anyone was looking at her as they drove by, wondering if they’d seen this very cute, pretty girl, bent over holding herself, her blue dress between her legs? But that seemed, after a quick second, irrelevant. She felt it was hopeless, but she struggled on against the force of her bladder desperate to be released, and released anywhere. It didn’t care one bit.

She managed to take her hand away without loosing control, and walked a bit more; and again, another spasm. She once again closed her legs, twisting around some as she began to cross them, and again, her hand went between her legs….but this time all was lost. No dribbles, no spurts, but a massive flood, all at once, poured through her panties, onto the front of her dress, all over her hand. All at once she felt her hot pee pouring down her legs, soaking her dress, wetting her hand. She froze, unsure of what to do. She stood there, half bent, still uselessly holding herself, soaking her dress in the process, legs together still, pee forced down them, wetting them on all sides, her shoes already wet, helplessly wetting on the sidewalk.

Perhaps no more than a few second did this continue, not her flooding, that would go on until she was empty, but staying in the pre-wetting, try-the-best-you-can-to-hold-it-back position. She realized all was lost, and removed her very wet hand, and stood up straight, opening her legs to let her pee fall more directly on the ground. She was oblivious to her surroundings right then, and began to realize the amazing relief she felt at finally being able to just, well….just pee. No matter that it was in her panties and soaking her dress, shoes and legs; that it was in public…..Her mind jerked around to her situation. She had no idea how long she had been standing there, but knew she had a lot more pee in her, and that there was no way she could stop once she began. She had never been able to stop once her flow really started.

She looked at a car driving by, it slowed, the driver, a woman, looking at her; it was obvious from across the street she was having an accident. She was embarrassed, not a lot, but some. She never had been easy to embarrass. She realized how wet her dress was, at least in front, soaking to the bottom. She kept peeing, moving her legs a little farther apart, now the majority of her pee flowing directly through her panties to the growing puddle beneath her. Warm pee still ran down the insides of her thighs. The car slowed, but kept going. She noticed a man on the opposite of the street walking, at first he didn’t notice her. She put her head down, and then squatted down as she was standing behind the front part of a parked car. She realized he was looking at her, in fact, had stopped dead in his tracks as he watched her, standing there wetting herself. Crouching down he probably couldn’t see her as easily, but since he was at an angle to the car, he could see her some. 

She continued massive peeing, although she pulled up the back of her dress some, only then realizing that the back of her dress was getting even wetter than it had been. She was peeing on it. As she pulled it up she hoped no one was on her side of the street since she knew her panties were visible as she squatted, her legs apart, peeing still. At first she tried to remember what panties she had put on that morning, and wasn’t able to. Then she remembered a boy at school trying to look up her dress, thinking to herself, “Here I am wetting myself in public, thinking of a boy who looked up my dress…stupid!”. But she remembered thinking as the boy tried to see up her dress as she sat down to eat lunch outside on the grass that she had put on one of her cute pair of white cotton bikini panties; a bow on the front; elastic with small lace around the legs and the waist band, and very small blue and red flowered patterned. Cute and sexy, but…..totally soaked.

Perhaps in ten seconds after she crouched down, the felt, finally, finally, relieved and managed to, at the very end, stop the flow, as if it mattered. She stood up, her panties dripping down her legs, still very warm, and her dress dripping in the back. She quickly began to walk, taking a quick look at her massive puddle on the dry sidewalk, now slowing making it was down the curb to the street. She felt a wave of embarrassment run through her, and walk quickly. The man, who had been watching, but had not crossed the street, took a final, furtive look at her and her obviously peed in dress, and walked. She didn’t look at him for more than a second. She walked through the residential neighborhood quickly, managing to avoid people, who were mostly on the opposite side of the street. She made it to her house, her wet panties, shoes and dress now cool and finished dripping, thinking, “God, I’m a mess…I can’t believe this happened.”

As usual she walked to the side kitchen door of her house, taking her key from her bag. No sooner had she gotten the key in the door, but it opened, her older brother opening it for her. “What happened to you?,” he asked. “I had a slight problem…ah, actually, more than slight…I wet myself; I just couldn’t hold it….I tried.” She realized that as she was saying this a friend of her brother’s walked in from another room, about to say ‘hi’, but was completely taken aback at her look and what she was saying. He was speechless. She walked but her older brother and his friend, both looking at her, to go upstairs to the bathroom to clean up. She debated going to her room, but didn’t want to get things wet. She was very aware that especially her brothers friend was looking intensely at her as she walked up the stairs.

She wanted to get her clothes off. She closed the bathroom door, putting down her bag just outside of it first. She looked at herself in the full length mirror…god, she was soaking…the front of her dress very wet, and as she turned around to inspect the damage in the back she realize her dress was clinging to her very wet ass, her panties pretty visible under the almost transparent wet material of her dress. She unzipped the back of her dress, letting it fall around her legs. She stood there in her bra, soaked shoes and soaked panties…they, too, somewhat see through and tinged somewhat yellow. She kicked off her shoes, pulled her panties down, letting them fall on her wet dress, and unhooked her bra. She turned on the shower, got in and washed herself completely. As she was inside she quickly re-ran the events, thinking how next time she’d take the city bus.

She got out, wrapped herself in a towel, gathered up her peed in clothes, after rinsing her shoes out, and took them to her room. She dressed in jeans and a shirt, gathered up her wet panties and dress to take them to the basement to wash them in the machine. On the way her brother and her friend were sitting talking. She smiled, and her brother, never shy himself, asked her what happened. She wasn’t too embarrassed, and briefly told them about running for the bus, dying to go, making it off and then loosing control two blocks later. 

She didn’t notice much reaction from either of the boys, but she did notice that as she was standing there holding her wet clothes, that her brother’s friend was starring at her panties, which happened to be on top…her very wet and yellowed panties. She felt a flush of embarrassment at his gaze at her panties, not so much just her panties, but her peed on panties. She wrapped them in the dress as she finished talking, the boys said nothing much, but her brother said something like ‘accident do happen I guess.’

She put the clothes in the washer and went upstairs. She hoped that would never happen again, but it was not to be. Sarah had a few more major accidents before the end of high school, and lots and lots of mini accidents, mostly at home, but some at school or other places, often dribbling and spurting in her panties just as she would near the toilet.

The major accidents are stories for another time.

