Going for it on a drive home

Author: jpab

*000*2022-06-01 05:01

Finally decided to try.. something not in the bathroom! Also, first time writing anything of this nature, so, uh.. apologies in advance, or something.

Context:

- This was several days ago

- Was driving home after some time with some family friends. I left early; had work the next day and needed to get home.

My.. cohort, I suppose you could call it, is notorious for taking ages to say goodbye, and the fact that everyone was spread around the campsite we were at didn't make it go any quicker. In the process of finding everyone I knew, giving the classic semi-awkward surprise hug and "hi, thanks for the food/company/whatever, see you later, bye," I'd forgotten to use the bathroom.

Funny how that works. Minutes into the drive, I became aware of this fact, and decided to ignore it as best I could and see what happens.

That worked about as well as you can imagine. Probably a quarter of the drive in (at most about half an hour out of what I believe was an hour and 45 minutes or so) I had to make the (admittedly not very difficult) choice to wet myself. I was going to hold on as long as I could, but I live in a relatively secluded area, which meant no neighbors to see what came of it.

The need grew for another 20-30m before I realized I needed to pay more attention to the road and/or stop grabbing at my crotch if this was going to continue. With the decision to wet made and the need becoming a distraction, I figured I had to go now.

I don't really know how, but it felt like it took a while to get the flow going. Despite needing to go- very badly- I guess potty training doesn't let you give up that easy. I ended up having to lift myself off the seat a little bit to get it started, but I'd quickly wet through the fabric of my sweatpants and onto the seat.

The cloth car seat.

Y'know, the material that absorbs liquid.

Oh.

I had almost completely finished wetting before I realized "ah, hey, this is kind of flowing directly onto and soaking into the driver's seat, what's the plan from here?," by which point it was very obviously too late to do anything about.

The rest of the drive was spent in what I would describe as equal parts "bliss" and "how do I remedy this," as I thought about how I would go about cleaning this up.

Long story short, I got home, and- for what it's worth, still in wet pants- sprayed and prayed with some carpet cleaner (originally meant for dogs or similar who don't make it outside ), disinfectant, and fabric odor eliminators, and called it a day. All in all, it was a good experience and I'm proud I did something so spontaneous, though I don't think I would try it again, because the cleanup was rough and not really my cup of tea-

I left the driver's side window open.

It stormed overnight.

Ladies, gentlemen, and everyone who doesn't fit into those boxes.. Mistake Numero Dos. Do Not Leave The Window Open, Probably Maybe.

That was much less fun to deal with because now everything was near saturated and still smelled faintly of pee and I /still/ had to go to work that afternoon, so I got a box fan, ran an extension cord, and set it to max speed sitting on the seat.

I still sat on a towel to work that day because it was damp by the time I'd needed to leave

I have no pictures, unfortunately- I didn't even think to write about it until now when everything appears to have settled. In any case, hopefully the word salad satiates you enough for now. I don't know when I'll do something fun again, but I'll probably write about it; I had fun with this, I think.



