Desperate Photography Field Trip

Author: Makuta16

*000*2018-03-06 01:24

It was this past year that my photography class went downtown Toronto to take pictures in a larger environment than our school. The teacher said that we could make our own groups, so I planned to go with two of my friends who were with me in that class. Unfortunately, the mother of one of them decided that he should stay home instead, so I was left with my other friend, Thomas. I knew we couldn't just have a group of two; the teacher wouldn't allow us to wander around the big city as a pair, safety in numbers and all that crap. So I was a little worried that Thomas might abandon me to go with another group. He had just joined the school that past year, so it might've happened, and then I would probably be stuck with the teacher, who I didn't like. But as we got off the bus, another group of two, a couple of girls, asked to join us. I was quite relieved, and we went on through the city taking tons of pictures.

At about 12 o'clock, we went to a couple of shops to have some lunch. The first one we went to was mainly for me, because it was cheap prices for tons of food. Once I had stocked up, the rest of the group decided to go to a burger shop to get their meals. Thomas, Courtney, and Ainsley all bought either burgers and poutines with drinks, and I decided to do the same with more of the money my parents gave me for food. We finished up there within 15 minutes, and then left to go find the spot where the bus was supposed to pick us up.

###

Now before I go into the rest of the story, I just need you guys to understand something. I came across this site a couple of years ago, and it was quite the find to me. I've came on here often to satisfy my own personal bodily needs the stories can help with, along with my own imagination. I only really created this account to be able to get more access to the content showed here, and to save the ones I loved most. But then this experience changed me in seeing this stuff really does exist, and I knew I had to write it down on this account. I've been putting it off for several months now, with other stuff getting away, but the story has stuck with me ever since, so I knew it was high time to let it all out. Now, back to the story.

###

It was just as we were leaving that I felt the need to pee. It wasn't very bad, (and reading from this site has helped my limit in my bladder grow), but it was getting more and more noticeable but the minute. I was going to ask if we could find a washroom, but I quickly changed my mind. I didn't want to be the one to ask something like that, especially not in front of two girls! Fortunately for me, the problem solved itself.

Five minutes after we had left the shop, Courtney spoke up, asking if we could find a washroom before finding the bus. Ainsley jumped in as well, agreeing with her. But when I looked at the two of them, Courtney seemed fine, while Ainsley was squirming where she stood, legs tightly crossed together. I was instantly reminded of these stories, but I quickly shook it from my mind. These were my classmates, after all! But a darker part of my mind thought about the show we were going to get from this. I was going to look, but at the same time, would have to be careful to not let the others know what I was doing. So I played my part, mumbling that I wouldn't mind using the restroom as well, the dull ache in my bladder remembered.

Thomas, the guide and unspoken leader of our group, said he didn't see any big shops on the way to the bus that looked like it had a washroom, but that we could look at some of the smaller shops on the way. We agreed, as what other choice did we have? We began walking through the back streets, mostly houses surrounding us. I kept glancing at Ainsley, who would stop every couple of steps to squeeze her legs together. Outside I remained my regular stoic, gruff self, but inside I was grinning. I was actually going to see some real, live desperation!

We kept on walking, and eventually found ourselves surrounded more by shops than houses. I was the one who spotted a nice little restaurant, one that had a bathroom sign by the door. I couldn't just walk by and pretend to not notice it; the others would see the sign and wonder why I didn't tell them, and I couldn't have suspicion and rumors going around. So, inwardly sighing, I turned back and told them that I had found I bathroom. I immediately noticed that Ainsley brightened up in relief that we had found one, and I allowed a small smirk to show on my face, though I doubt anyone noticed in the mad rush to get inside.

I let the girls go in first, because I didn't want to be rude to the one who asked about the washroom in the first place and deny them their need, and because I wanted to dump my food and gear with Thomas, who sat in the restaurant area, saying he didn't need to go. I went up the few steps to the area that had the washroom, and immediately noticed Ainsley outside the door. I was a little shocked that her friend had went before her and hadn't noticed her need herself, or perhaps Ainsley insisted that Courtney go first, but I'll never know. But on the other hand, the main part of me was happy that the show would continue.

I stood in line right behind Ainsley, closely watching the short girl. She was crossing and twisting her legs constantly now, and every 30 seconds or so would push her hands into her crotch. I was getting slightly hard seeing this, but that also reminded me of my own need. I ended up walking around the tables to relieve some pressure, all the while keeping a close eye on Ainsley. She just stood there, oblivious that I was watching her, not even caring that she was showing off her need in public. I didn't really check the time, but it felt like at least 10 minutes that Courtney was in the washroom, and as soon as she came out, Ainsley rushed in.

I was disappointed that I didn't get to see any leaks, drips or dribbles, but another part of me was glad. That would put many awkward situations into motion: Ainsley embarrassed that she leaked, me embarrassed that I was there to witness it, and for the whole group when we started walking for the bus again. So it was a bit of conflicting emotions, but I didn't have time to think of that. I had my own need to worry about. Not for the first time, I was thankful for both that I was I guy, and that I had worn pants with pockets in them, making it easier to hide my hand when I felt the urge to squeeze myself to help with my need. After maybe 5 minutes, Ainsley finished, and quickly went to wait with the others. As for me, I walking in, did my stuff, noticing my slight arousal, and then walked out when I had finished.

The rest of the trip was uneventful in the case of pee desperation, but I wont deny that I was thinking of this story for a long time after, and was reminded of it whenever I saw Ainsley, which of course, was nearly everyday in Photography. Now I just wish I hadn't left my camera with Thomas. I might've gotten some very interesting pictures...

