Wet fun in the garden

Author: MittensDL

*000*2021-06-09 12:11

So here are some pictures and a short video of me wetting myself in the garden - the story of what happened is below them (to save anyone who just wants to look at the pictures from suffering through it).

These were from just after I wet the first time (my shorts were still dripping as I snapped them) - the back ones are not very good, I could not see my phone screen and take the pictures at the same time:

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

These photos are from 2 minutes later, when I sat down to carry on working:

$$

$$

$$

After I'd been sitting still (drying) for about 20 minutes:

$$

$$

After 30 minutes of sitting and drying out:

$$

After 40 minutes since I initially wet, I needed to pee again, so I re-wet myself - which I managed to record. I will have to upload the video below due to the attachment size limit. Here's the photos from just after I wet again:

$$

$$

$$

$$

After I sat down, post 2nd wetting:

$$

$$

About 15 minutes of drying out after the 2nd wetting:

$$

About 35 minutes after the 2nd soaking, there is still a little dampness visible:

$$

Any by 45 minutes my shorts appeared visibly dry (they still felt a little damp, more so at the bottom of the legs and my boxers were still very damp too):

$$

This is what happened:

After a lovely warm bank holiday weekend, unusual for the UK, we have had nearly a full week of sunny weather (except for a couple of very brief, very light rain showers) with temperatures above 25C for the first half of the week. Having missed out on a perfect opportunity to get away with wetting myself last week

, I have been fantasising about the idea. Towards the end of Tuesday, I need a pee and the thought of going in the garden and just letting go in my white boxers and blue shorts was in my mind. This is something entirely new for me, despite using incontinence protection frequently, aside from a few times as a teenager either sitting on the toilet and going through just my underwear or my pyjamas in bed, I have not wet my clothes while awake since toilet training (which I have no memories of).

During the latter half of the afternoon my need to pee was gently growing, aided by my regular intake of fluid - as I mentioned, the weather was warm and the temperature in the bedroom we converted to a home office was stifling (like many people I am still working from home full-time due to the current pandemic lockdown rules). As it got towards 4pm, the intermittent pangs of my bladder alerting me through the meeting I was in that it needed relieving soon became a constant urge to go for a wee - a steady 8/10 urgency.

With just over an hour left of work and no more meetings and my wife was busy and then would be teaching an online fitness class at 5pm, after which I would need to walk the dogs and start cooking dinner, I had about an hour-and-a-half to myself. I decided that it was now or never so I refilled my glass with some squash from the kitchen, pocketed my mobile phone, grabbed my spectacles & a hat and started unplugging my work's laptop. My hope was that I had enough time to also dry out in the hot sunshine before walking the dogs.

Whether it was the water from the tap pouring into the glass or the thought of imminent relief approaching, I'm not sure, but while unplugging my laptop my desperation shot up to 10/10 - I was moving my weight from foot to foot, such was my urgency, and caught myself unconsciously holding my crotch a couple of times. I have not been this desperate for the toilet in a long, long time and was at the point that I was going within the next couple of minutes, involuntarily, my only choice was where.

My wife and I had already been outside that day and were planning to eat outside later so the patio table and a chair were already set up. I hurried outside and put my drink and laptop on the table's glass top, pulled off my slippers and socks so as not to get them wet and rushed onto the grass. I spread my legs slightly and immediately started peeing into my underwear - as someone with a normally shy and uncooperative bladder when it comes to going to the toilet, to be relieved without spending time relaxing into it shows how close to losing control I was (I could not say with certainty I did not lose control but I did make it onto the grass, which was my intended place to let go). The relief as my bladder emptied was huge and not having to coax my bladder into going added to my enjoyment of the experience.

The wetness spread around my penis and stared downwards, I quickly felt my inner legs getting wet as the warm wee went down the inside of my short legs and started pouring out. As the torrent continued it started making a noise, like water pouring out of a watering can, as it hit the ground. I am sure it probably was not very loud but it seemed like it to me and I could hear my neighbour shouting at her dog in her garden, which made me self conscious and nervous standing there peeing myself in my blue shorts, which did nothing to hide their rapidly growing wetness, even though I was fairly sure she would not be looking over the fence (we do not get along).

It was about this time that I noticed 3 things: 1) I was so desperate I had not taken my phone out of my pocket before wetting myself - thankfully the wetness did not reach it, 2) because I had been sure to keep myself well hydrated all day the pee that was still flowing off the bottom of my shorts' legs was quite clear and so I expected that even though my boxers were white, there would be very little yellowing when the dried (I was right about this) and 3) having realised my phone was still in my pocket I wished I had recorded the wetting.

I finished peeing and the flow from the bottom of my shorts slowed to a steady drip, so I grabbed my phone and snapped a few pictures of myself, doing the best I could with the back since I could not see what I was taking as I snapped. I went and sat behind my laptop on the patio chair, which had a fine mesh seat and back rather than being solid or having a cushion so I figured would probably be okay to dry out on. After a few minutes I realised the table was shading my shorts, so I shifted my chair to the end so the sunshine was on them to try and dry them more quickly. I returned to working on my laptop, taking a quick break periodically to snap some pictures as I dried.

After about 40 minutes my shorts were looking fairly dry again but my underwear still felt very damp. I also was feeling the urge to pee again, and since I had as long as it had taken my shorts to nearly dry to go before I had to walk the dogs (in public) I decided I could re-wet myself and still be dry enough to not be noticeable by then. This time I did record it, although as you can see when I was to go voluntarily it takes me a while to pursued my bladder to relax. Again I took periodic pictures as I dried and while my shorts were still slightly damp to the touch they had dried so that it was not visible when I took the dogs for a walk.

My wife and I ate outside as planned about another hour-and-a-half later. My shorts had nearly completely dried, apart from the seams, but my boxers were still damp at this time. When we were done eating and playing some board games, they were completely dry though so I did not need to change before we sat down on the sofa to watch TV. Intermittently I could smell the faint odour of my dried urine as we were sitting there, which was also exciting (I normally wear incontinence pads so she may have thought I just needed a change rather than had wet and dried without one).

Here is the video of the 2nd/re-wetting (skip to about 30s for the actual wetting):

21-06-01 16-47-45 3434.mov

*002*2021-06-11 07:30

{{On 6/9/2021 at 9:23 PM, Whiskers said:

Would have loved to see the underwear after each wetting but good pics anyway

}}

I wasn't brave enough to drop my shorts outside to do that - this was my first time doing something like this. I will try to work up the courage to do this in the future.

Glad you enjoyed the pics I did take - I did it again on Friday, which I am still writing up and because my shorts and underwear (briefs this time) were still damp when I had to come in I did take a picture or two of my damp underwear. Hopefully I will post those soon

I've always characterised myself as a DL (hence my profile name) - turns out I like wetting my clothes too, I just hadn't tried it before!

