First uncontrollable (sort of) wetting

Author: Ollerus

*000*2019-06-08 22:46

I finally did it, after sooooo many years of trying. I had an actual accident. I had always thought that I was one of those people that the discomfort would turn to pain before I would lose control or that I would just would't really be able to lose control because some guys are like that. Evidently not. It took a fair amount to planning but I actually wet myself uncontrollably. Mostly.

So I had the day off and decided that I was going to try, as I often have before, to just hold until I cant hold anymore and my bladder gives way. I gathered up all the usual things, a bunch of soda, coffee some depends briefs (I was down to one good diaper that I have plans for later tonight and quite frankly I wanted to leak like crazy) and I prepared myself to go through varying levels of discomfort. I decided to start with the coffee because it was the morning and also I was going to need the diuretic effects of the caffeine pretty early on. My usual method for my previous close calls always started bright and early in the morning with fairly casual wettings over time to get the bladder used to just emptying itself whenever it gets a little bit full. I pounded the coffee down and followed it up with a caffeinated soda to start filling up quickly. Not long after, the fun really began.

Now Im not going to claim I have the strongest bladder in the world, in fact other then not having a complete blowout or even a leak from holding I would say that its actually fairly weak. any time that I have a decent amount of caffeine I start having to go fairly frequently and if I don't use my finger to push out the last little bit from underneath it will usually come out as soon as I put everything away and leave myself with a golf ball sized wet spot on the front of my pants. This weakness to caffeine was the key to my plan.

After crushing the coffee and leisurely sipping my soda to death I felt my first urge to urinate. I walked my way over to my shower and let go in to my depends. Warmth filled the front of the shoddy briefs and began to slowly seep around to the back. Just when I thought I was done, two single drops slid down my leg from where hip meets torso and I knew this was gonna be a good day. I waited a little bit and grabbed another soda. I continued like this for few hours, drink a soda, wait for the urge to pee, let go in my diaper. Reeeally get the bladder used to being emptied as soon as it starts to fill. I knew it was time to start holding when I peed in the same depends 3 times without leaking. The caffeine was making me have to go at smaller and smaller amounts. At this point its was barely even enough to call a real wetting.

I started off by doing a moderate hold, waiting just long enough for it to get a little uncomfortable and my legs start bouncing on their own. By this time Ive quickened my pace on the sodas quite a bit and by the time I decided I had held enough for my first hold of the day I had at least 3 since my last wetting. I went once again to the shower and let loose in my "diaper" (if you could even call them that). Unsurprisingly the caffeine had effected me so much I couldn't really tell when I had stopped wetting for a few seconds as the last bit was sort of just slowly dribbling out of me. That caffeine combined with that moderate hold made me already feel some bladder fatigue and quickly after I had to pee once more.

But this time... It would not be just a moderate hold. I put on another depends and I held on for 2 more hours with out peeing despite getting to where I was on the moderate hold after just 15 minutes. By this time I started chaining sodas down my throat to make sure that after this wetting there was already more fluid waiting to come out after it. I started watching youtube videos and putzing around on twitter to keep my mind off the uncomfortable long hold. I was dancing around, grabbing myself, whatever I could do to hold on just a little bit longer. I picked a youtube video and decided after that video I would go release.

Somehow I crawled past that finish line and stumbled my way over to the shower and released as soon as I had stepped in. Relief flooded over me as I blasted the front of the diaper to the point that it wasn't holding anything and most of my urine was streaming down my legs. I sighed with relief as I pulled the front of the diaper out to see if I had stopped peeing. Nope! There was still a small trickle just barely rolling out the front of my penis. I waited a little bit longer and washed myself off with a huge grin on my face. Alright, go big or go home.

*Skip to here for the good part*

I put on another depends and the holding began almost immediately. My bladder was so exhausted at this point that I had barely diapered up and settled down to watch more youtube videos when I started feeling the beginning of an urge. Within 20 or so minutes my legs were bouncing on their own, shaking my computer desk. I knew if there was going to be one way to make myself have an accident it was going to have be be somewhat forced. I drew my breath and bit my lip. I tensed my body up and began to try and hold without moving. I sat there mostly still while trying to concentrate on my computer screen, occasionally jerking forward in my seat as I attempted to hold it together and not pee my self. after only another 10 minutes I could no longer pay attention to what was on the screen.

I could feel my bladder trying to release against my will. I began to pace around my apartment alternating between holding myself and standing as still as possible. I slowly lumbered my way to the bathroom, stopping to tense my body against the wave of fluids trying to exit me. I pulled the front of my depends out to check to see if I had leaked any. There was a small splotch of pre-cum in the front of my diaper but no leak in sight. I was so disappointed that my need briefly subsided and I thought about just letting go. No, I had already come this far, no way am I backing down now. I calmed myself and went back to being as still as possible.

Every so often I would lose composure and bend over grabbing myself or start bouncing to try and make this easier, but I would eventually gather myself and clench my body still. I continued to hold that way for an undetermined length of time, my head was swimming to the point I couldn't tell if it had been seconds or minutes since my last lapse in stillness. Each time, I would pull down the diaper exposing my sensitive parts to the cold climate controlled air to check for leaks. All these served to do was confirm that I hadnt leaked and increase my need significantly.

Finally I felt something rise out of the tip of my penis while I nearly fell to my knees. I regained my senses and staggered my way back up to check the damage. Still nothing. Just a little bit of pre-cum from some kind of miniature orgasm. I sighed and went still again. As I stood in my bathroom with my eyes clamped shut, chin pointed at the ceiling I felt the strongest urge I had ever felt. My legs began to shake like they were trying to vibrate to some other plane of existence and my breath was short and ragged. I fought the urge to grab myself, I fought my urge to lean forward. Just as I thought I had escaped, I felt a familiar yet strange sensation. I felt something start to creep its way down through my shaft and felt a warmth begin to bloom in my diaper.

At first I couldn't believe it, I gave up on standing still and did everything I could to stop the flow, but it was no use. I stood hunched over grabbing myself as I had an accident. I regained enough control to at least move my way in to the shower as pee started to trickle down my leg. I leaned my back against the wall of my shower and unconsciously started letting out soft high pitch moans of relief. I leaned against that shower wall for what seemed like an eternity as warm streams caressed my inner thighs on their path to the drain. The depend had filled up immediately the whole way up the front and back and only served to direct the clear rivulets down my legs.

My body shook like it was in pain rather then pleasure and lightning raced up my spine from my groin to my head clouding my thoughts in pleasure. I had completely and utterly failed at holding me pee. I had an uncontrollable accident, and even now just typing those words sends my heart aflutter. Finally after my body finished releasing the pent up fluids I gave the diaper a few good squeezes to run out any extra liquid that it might be holding and closed my eyes as more liquid ran down my legs. This was the first time I had an accident that I could remember and one of the best experiences Ive ever had. 100/10 would recommend accidentally peeing yourself to anyone who has ever thought about it. Now if you don't mind I have a few uh... things to take care of.

