First Real Accident

Author: CeeJay

*000*2018-07-23 01:30

Up until yesterday, I never had a real accident. Even as a kid I never wet my pants or the bed and always had great bladder control. I would wet for fun, but it was always intentional. I always wondered what it felt like to totally lose control. Last night I found out.

A few weeks ago, I wound up in the hospital with extreme dehydration so I’ve been drinking a ton of water. My body hasn’t adjusted yet and I’m constantly needing to pee. Yesterday I met my friend for dinner. I had already been drinking water all day and drank a ton more at dinner because the food was spicy. My friend and I sat outside in her car for awhile after we left, just talking and catching up. During which, I sipped on another bottle of water I had in my purse. I had peed before leaving the restaurant so I didn’t think it would be an issue. Well we talked for a lot longer than I thought and I had to pee pretty bad by the time we said goodnight and I got in my car. The restaurant was already closed and here wasn’t anything around. No big deal I thought, I can hold it.

As I drove I realized holding it was a lot harder than I thought it would be. I had to pee worse than I ever had to pee before. My bladder hurt and I was holding my crotch as I drove. I kept shaking my legs and at every red light I would twist in my seat doing a seated pee dance. I thought about stopping somewhere but everywhere was closed. I would have to go out of my way to find a gas station or 24 hour restaurant so I figured I’d just go straight home. I still didn’t think I’d actually pee myself.

Five minutes from my house and I considered just peeing my pants. I had to go so bad everything hurt. I didn’t want to ruin my seat so I kept holding. I finally got to my house, pulled into my driveway, and ran out of the car. I could see a wet spot on the seat and realized I had been leaking. I had to go so bad I didn’t even notice. I didn’t even bonnet to grab my purse and hobbled towards the front door. As I went to unlock it, I realized it was too late. I twisted my legs and bounced around and tried to hold it but I couldn’t. The dam was going to break.

I could run inside and try to make it to the bathroom, but I knew I would pee all over my floor on the way and I didn’t know if my roommate was home to see. So I gave in and stepped into the grass. I began peeing so forcefully I could hear it. It hissed and gushed out of me. My pants were instantly soaked. I just stood there and was thankful it was dark outside and hoped none of my neighbors could see me. My shoes filled with pee. At first the relief was amazing but then I began to feel shameful, like a naughty child. When I finally finished, I didn’t have one dry spot on me. I waddled inside, thankfully my roommate wasn’t home, and took a shower.

I sort of wonder what would have happened if I tried to make it inside and to the toilet but I’m glad I finally had the experience of actually peeing myself. Today the grass is wet still because I peed so much and I smiled to myself as I left for work this morning.

