Pyjamas and first time in jeans

Author: superhorse2

*000*2012-08-06 23:02

Hi Guys,

A few days ago, I woke up to an empty house, and so decided to have some wetting fun! So I grabbed my wetting boxers from the box under my bed, and grabbed some old full length pyjamas from my drawers and put them on. These pyjamas were really old, so they were really tight and felt great! :D I then went downstairs and downed two glasses of water and then took a third upstairs with me. I sat drinking for an hour while checking Facebook and the like, and feeling the new water mixing with my morning pee in my bladder :p

Soon, I was bouncing up and down on my seat and I decided it was time to go and pee. So I got up and went into the bathroom. Standing in the shower, I was about to let it all out, when I realised that I had never wet in socks before! So I ran back into my room to get some. After that, I stood back in the shower, and slowly spurted drop at a time into the pyjamas, letting the warmth spread down through my legs, and finally to my toes and squelching in the socks. It was great :D I then washed everything out in the shower and put it right at the back of the airing cupboard where nobody would ever look :p

This morning, I again woke up to an empty house, and I was super desperate to pee again, so I decided to have another wetting. As I came to my senses, I remembered that my mum had asked me to throw out a pair of old jeans that were way to small for me. So I picked them up, grabbed another pair of boxers (my normal ones were still damp), and - since I was feeling naughty - my laptop.

As I pulled on the jeans, I was shocked at how seriously tight they were! They really compressed my thighs, arse, and privates, and it felt great! As I crouched down to set up my laptop to record, the sudden pressure on my bladder caused me to spurt a small amount into the Jeans. The shock of it caused me to gasp and the amazing sense of warmth caused my penis to twitch :p

With the recording started, I stepped into the shower and let go. I had never peed in jeans before, but I wish I had sooner! The heat and sheer quantity of my morning pee pouring down and clinging to my thighs was breathtaking. I must have peed for a good two and a half minutes, as by the end of it, there was a huge amber river running from my feet to the drain, and my already dark jeans were stained even darker! :p The pressure of my erection on the wet denim was almost enough to set me off, so it didn't take me long to come afterwards ;)

I had to throw those jeans out, as I had been asked, because they would never have dried quick enough in the airing cupboard to prevent them getting mouldy, and since I'm never home long enough to do my own laundry (I don't do it normally so it would be suspicious), I cant keep many pee clothes :(

Unfortunately, the video I recorded was too dark to see anything :(

Either way, I had two great wetting experiences, and I hope you enjoyed reading them!

*002*2012-08-08 22:19

Glad you liked it :D and I don't have many chances to make experiences, but I will try my best!

