My first omo experience - Wetting in the park by night

Author: stephan1990

*000*2017-06-23 09:30

Hey,

I just wanted to share my first omorashi experience with you guys. Yesterday evening I felt really horny and began watching some piss porn and jerking off. I came across some videos of guys wetting their jeans outside so I decided to give it a try. I grabbed 2 liters of water and began drinking while watching porn.

By the time I finished drinking the water, it was already past midnight. I felt a strong urge to pee at that point.

I put on some gray briefs and my tightest jeans and an old v-neck t-shirt. I decided to take a walk through a nearby park and some adjacent streets. I checked google maps to see how long it would take me and came up with a route that would be around 1 hour. I really had to go at this point and I was sure I couldn't make it back home without an accident.

So I finally left the house and began my journey. The weather had been very hot the last few days, but the air at night was nice and pleasant. The street I live in was kind of brightly lit by the street lights and there where a group of guys standing by their cars and smoking. My street is kind of a meeting point for some young guys at night. They meet on a nearby parking lot and talk, smoke and drink beer. Hopefully they would be gone by the time I come back with piss soaked jeans.

So I continued to walk down the street, feeling my bloated bladder and swollen belly. The tight jeans was pushing agains my bladder, making it even harder to walk while not letting go. I passed some other streets and came to a big road that leads through my town. There are only a few places where you can cross the road and there are traffic lights. I waited until my light turned green and walked across the street. The headlights of two waiting cars illuminated me in my slutty outfit, but the drivers would not know what I was going to do. I walked further down a street towards the center of the city. I figured I would take the route through the park on my way back home. At this point my bladder really hurt and anyone that saw me walking could have guessed that I needed a pee.

At this point I looked in all directions to make sure no one was around me. And to my surprise, the street was completely empty. I the pulled my jeans down just a little bit to expose my ass. What a naughty slut I am, walking through my city, my bladder full to the burst and my ass exposed to anyone. I felt so slutty. Suddenly I spurted piss into my briefs. Wow, that was a surprise, because I normally do not leak until I cannot hold it anymore. But that small amount of piss gave me a really nice warm feeling around my cock.

At this time I made an agreement: When I turn around the next corner, I have to let go until a wet spot was showing through my jeans. And so I walked around the next corner and let out a nice big spurt of piss. I looked down and rubbed my bulge through my jeans and felt a wet sport. Oh my god, my jeans are so revealing! I shouldn't have put the tightest jeans on, because the wet spot was really prominent on the light fabric of the jeans.

I continued my walk until I reached the park. The paths in the park are not lit at night, so it was kind of dark. I pullt my jeans down further, so that they covered my crotch but completely revealed my ass to anyone behind me. I walked a few meters like this and decided to release my aching bladder. And boy did I do that! As soon as I thought about it, the floodgates opened. I was standing there, in the middle of the night, completely soaking my jeans. The warm piss began running down my legs and pooling in my shoes.

My jeans turned from a light blue to a dark blue as they got soaked in piss. As I finished wetting I headed home. But I hadn't thought about crossing the big road again. An there I was, soaked jeans, partly exposed ass, waiting for the traffic light to turn green. Some cars passed by but I didn't think they noticed too much. But when the light turned green, a car was waiting and I had to walk through its headlights across the street. This was the most embarrassing moment of my life. The driver of the car could clearly see my soaked jeans and ass cheeks. But I walked across the street anyway. The rest of the walk home was relatively uneventful. The warm piss got cold and my jeans felt really heavy.

I entered the street where I live, but I noticed, that the guys I talked about earlier are still here and drinking beer. I had to take all my courage to walk right past the 3 men in their twenties. They must have noticed my soaked pants, but no one said a word. I would have liked it if one of them would call me a faggot or so... but that did not happen.

I was finally home. Wow, what a night! This was one of the hottest experiences I ever had!

Hope you like my story! Feel free to comment or even suggest things I should do next.

*004*2017-06-23 20:03

{{1 hour ago, WetDave said:

Great story!

When you start to find nighttime wetting becoming a bit dull then you need to move on to daytime wetting. For your first daytime wetting I'd suggest dark skinny jeans and do it while it is raining. In the rain nobody looks up or notices anything because they're all hurrying to get indoors.

}}

Hey great idea! I think nighttime wetting will still be exciting enough for some time, but when I am daring enough (or horny enough) I might give the rainy weather wetting a try.

*006*2017-06-27 17:37

{{10 hours ago, Sebastion1963 said:

What I would really like to know is which ones were aroused looking at your ass and your still leaking crotch!

I would like to have been a fly on one of their cars and heard what they said after you were out of hearing distance!

}}

I don't know if anyone of them were aroused or if they were all disgusted, because I tried to pass them ass quickly as possible. And yeah, I am equally interested in what they said about me once I was gone.

{{10 hours ago, Sebastion1963 said:

I would love to read a Part Two of this true story! Will you do a repeat performance?

}}

Of course I will do something similar to this in the future, but I don't know when that will be. I have planned on doing some rapid desperation for detraining my bladder at home. Maybe I can incorporate the experience from that into another nighttime outdoor wetting. Would love to hear suggestions!

