Didn't make it in time...

Author: alreadyleaking

*000*2018-11-30 09:11

When I was in my twenties I used to have an iron bladder. I did. I could have coffee, beer, pop in any amounts and make it to the bathroom. I could hold it for long car rides, movies or classes. In the long run I became overconfident, I got reckless and I franckly should've seen it coming.

It was a long beach day, playing footie and drinking a lot of beer, coming in and out of the water constantly. By the time the sun set down I was nursing like my sixth can of beer, a bit tipsy when I felt the first tingle in my lower stomach. I couldn't get in the water, it was cold and also getting a bit dark, plus I didn't want anyone to know I had to go that bad. I was convinced I didn't need to go as bad.

We were playing cards when a really strong urge hit me and I pretended to be scratching my crotch a bit. No one noticed but I was starting to feel more than a bit uncomfortable. Still, I had my iron bladder so I shifted every few minutes, distracted myself, bounced a bit and prepared to hold on till we got to the house. An hour went like that, until I realized I was shaking. My knees and hands were shaking at how badly I had to pee and everyone was still drinking and playing footie.

When we decided to go I must've realxed a bit at the prospect because a bit leaked out into my shorts and I just started to panic. No one noticed and I guessed a bit of relief would help me keep going. I helped pick up the stuff and hurried them to the streets. By the time we were six blocks away it was pretty obvious that I needed to go potty and that I was pretty desperate about it. Still, in my mad panic I pretended that I was hiding it so good, only shoving my hand between my legs every five seconds.

At one point I got a sharp pang and I had to stop, bend over and bounce a bit. A friend came over and with more than pity in her eyes she just asked me if it wouldn't be better to pee on the side of the road, there was no one after all. But I was stubborn and I told her I was going to make it, I was fine. Finally the urge passed and I started walking again. I did one more block without and kind of problem and when we were four blocks away, all of a sudden, I started to feel warm between my thighs. I kept going "no no no no" like it'd make the piss less real. At first I tried to pretend that nothing was happening but everyone was watching and I just wet my shorts and legs, bright red, tears in my eyes.

"I may have overdone it with those beers" I joked. It is today that everytime we go out my friends remind me to go easy if there's no toilette around...

*002*2018-12-10 21:22

Male!

