Waiting for the Party

Author: elephantMan

*000*2019-09-07 19:30

Longer story let's get to it.

I've been staying by a college over the summer to take classes. One of my friends who we'll call Sam was turning 21 last month and a few of his friends (me included) were gonna get together to help get him wasted. It was also when him and a bunch of other interns for the financial firm nearby were heading back to their respective colleges so it was a goodbye party too. The plan as I knew was for everyone to go eat a late lunch with him at 4 and then by 6 we'd head back to his place to start the drinking. I couldn't make the lunch part due to classes but I could make the 6, so I had planned for that.

Description, I'm a dude. 6'2", chubbier, big bushy beard and big brown eyes. I got up that morning and hopped into a blue-mix polo shirt, a pair of black jeans, and some blue/white sneakers. I also threw on a pair of white boxer briefs with pink and blue sailboats on them - it was a special occasion and they make me feel cute. I went about my day as normal as I could when it was past 90 degrees. My classroom for Intro Psych was super hot too, but I had a handy 1L water bottle to chug and refill intermittently. The class got out at 5:45 and I had to high tail it out of there as the buildings close up very early during the summer. I didn't get a chance to pee before I left and I had to go a little bit, but I figured I'd just go at my friend's place.

It's about a 20 minute walk from campus to the house and by the time I get there I'm uncomfortably full but nothing that can't be put off. Walk to the front door, ring the door bell and stand on my tip toes to see into the little glass above the door...only all the lights are off. I had the times correct but no one was here. I texted Sam to see what was up and sat down on a deck chair on their porch to wait. This was the kind of thing I'd read on here to get off so I was enjoying my predicament, but only to an extent. It'd be a lot less hot to explain to my friends why I watered their chaise lounge so I was trying my best to hold on.

It was then that a car pulled into the drive way and Sam's friend Carol stepped out. Carol was very tall, not much shorter than me, with long light brown hair, freckles, deep hazel eyes. She wore a tight fitting black and white polkadot blouse and a jean skirt that went a little more than an inch above her knees. She comes to the porch and we say hi and I explain our predicament to her.

It was then that Sam texts us back and confirms his idiocy. He had corrected his times from 4 for food and 6 for party to 6 for food and 8 for party, so him and the others that could make the restaurant were already on their way. His girlfriend and designated driver Jess would drop them off and wheel back around for us to come join them at the dinner. Our first response was Poor Jess, but then we realized through the conversation that the restaurant Sam chose was something like a half hour away and that was without traffic, it'd probably be worse on a Friday night. So I sat down ready to hold it all I could while trying to look normal.

It was 40 minutes by the time that Jess mentioned that she had started driving back. We had been talking about our summers for a while but the conversation died down as I had to focus more and more on my bladder. I was shifting my legs in my seat and white knuckling the sides of the chair - everything I could to avoid holding myself. But the pressure was right at my urethra and wasn't really slowing down. At the same time, I noticed that Carol had slowed down too. She was sitting with her legs crossed and was tapping her foot quite a bit. No way for me to be certain but it seemed like she needed to pee. I figured I had nothing to lose by admitting my own need and if I was right, she'd probably say something too.

"I can't believe Sam did this shit, I really have to pee" I say, shaking my legs a little to emphasize the point. Carol sits up, hands on the front of her skirt and goes "Me too!" We exchanged stories for a bit - she has a long drive to get here and thought she was late to leave, so she got driving before taking a bathroom break. I told her basically what I wrote above. With us now struggling together it became less taboo to hold - I grabbed my dick through my pocket and she had her hands on top of her skirt while we chatted to pass more time.

It's important to note how relatively stranded we were with the college buildings closed. This part of town didn't have anything in it other than houses and lecture halls, so they were the only real public place we would've had to go. So we sat and waited and whined, both of our conditions deteriorating as we approached 40 minutes since Jess was driving back. Carol had escalated her hold by putting her hand under her skirt, leaning forward and rocking back and forth. I had my hand in my pants not long after, whistling air through my teeth as I suffered wave after wave of desperation. I knew I would at the very least leak soon and once I hit that it'd be a short timer. This could be disastrous for the both of us.

It was then that Jess's car came up. Both me and Carol immediately straightened up, but at a great cost to me. I took my hand out of my pants and when I stood up, the weight of my bladder crashed against me and I lost a spurt. I crossed my legs, leaning against one of the banisters of the porch as if I was being cool and casual, but it was a frantic attempt to gain back control. I managed to. Jess is wearing a beautiful red dress with a flowing skirt. She herself was a little over 5 foot with piercing blue eyes and platinum blonde hair. We said hello as she walked up, with her responding "Sorry for the wait guys, also I REALLY gotta pee when we get in" as she fumbled with her keys.

I texted her about this later. While they had hung out at Sam's house, people were pregaming and Jess was keeping up with water shots to join in on the fun. Everyone drank a fuckton before leaving. By the time she got to the restaurant everyone in the car had to go, her included. But she raced back to let us in without stopping for the bathroom. She "had never had to pee that bad in my life xD", to use her own words.

Jess unlocked the door and sprinted down the main hall, turned right into the bathroom and slammed the door. Me and Carol followed in that order, waiting outside the door. Carol said to me "You have to let me go first, I'm not gonna make it otherwise". Her arm had hiked up her skirt, showing her hands pressing hard against the crotch of her pink lace panties. She bobbed in place and looked at me pleadingly. I also could definitely not wait and was about to tell her to fuck off because I wasn't gonna piss myself before dinner.

But she was clearly in a bind and probably wasn't gonna be able to touch herself to this later. So I compromised. "I'll pee in the sink and you take the toilet?" She just looked at me surprised and a little disgusted for a second. I continued: "I'm really sorry, but if you go first, I'm gonna piss myself. So that's the way we both avoid pissing ourselves." Another wave of desperation hit me - leak. She looked around as if vainly seeing if a toilet would spawn next to her. Carol then looked back and said "Ok".

We both had to endure Jess's piss cascading against the porcelain and an audible sigh of relief during that conversation, and I didn't make it out dry. A few minutes pass and I feel the pee pushing at the base of my dick. I'm having to double cross my legs to hold it. Carol is bouncing up and down with her skirt basically up at this point. Jess comes out, starting to say something like "Ah that feels better" but I push past her, with Carol not far behind, before she can get the words out.

The next part happens over the course of a few seconds. The sink is right next to the door so I take one step in and start undoing my button and unzipping my pants. Carol squeezes in behind me, pushing me against the sink and starting my bladder up. From that point on I'm just peeing. It takes another second to get the jeans out of the way, and then I take my dick through the flap on my underwear and point it toward the sink. I release all the tension and the pee erupts out of me. I moan. I see through the mirror that Carol has started peeing too. She was lifting the lid on the toilet with pee pouring full force onto the ground beneath her. She then spins around, pulls down her underwear and sits. The sound of piss hitting water is twice as loud as what I'm doing. We had both made it, more or less.

When we were done we spent a minute strategizing. My underwear was soaked, as was hers. Luckily I was wearing black jeans which didn't show anything, and she was wearing a skirt which was mostly unscathed. We cleaned up our respective messes with copious amounts of TP, and agreed we'd tell what happened up to but not included how we both pissed ourselves. We both went to Jess's car, where she asked us what the hell was that. I divulged everything save for the mess and we went on with the night.

My bladder was incredibly weak from the whole affair, as it appeared was Carol's as we both sprinted to the bathroom upon arriving at the restaurant and back at Sam's house. When it came time to leave at like 1AM, Carol offered me a ride home. Once driving, we both apologized for exposing each other to each other and promised not to tell any of our friends about it. When she dropped me off, she also asked to use my bathroom which I happily obliged. When she left, I indulged myself with my new found alone time and quickly went to bed.

Stuff like this never happens to me with another person involved. I get myself in to quite a few desperate situations but this is legitimately the first time I've experienced desperation with another person and it happened last month. Carol and Sam are gone now since the internship was for the summer, living across the country from me. We may never see each other again. But it was an incredible night.

Thanks for reading.

