Summer wetting with pics

Author: Brandie

*000*2016-11-12 06:47

This past summer I was in Vancouver enjoying the beautiful weather and the excitement of the big city. Shopping and sipping coffee at the outdoor patios so I could people watch and take in as much of the excitement as possible was the order of the day. When darkness started to fall I switched to a pub with outside seats for a couple of brew with my food. As I sat there I started to get a bit of a naughty feeling so I decided to hold my pee. The earlier coffee's combined now with beer quickly had the desired effect of deliciously stressing my bladder. Sitting was making it hard to hold back the pressure so I paid my tab and bid adieu to my lovely blonde server and left the security of an easily accessible restroom behind me.

Out on the street night had fallen giving birth to beauty of neon signs and a horde of revellers scurrying to their favourite clubs and line ups. The police had cordoned off the street to allow more room for the crowds. Wandering around with a full bladder through the crowds was very exciting but I had not anticipated the heavy police presence. The people wandering about would soon be drunk enough that they would hardly notice or pay may attention me i reasoned, but the police would be a different matter totally. And I did not relish the prospect of a ride in the paddy wagon ending with a stay in the drunk tank at the police station.

Now for me the problem that as much as I was enjoying the full feeling, loosing control and wetting myself was the ultimate goal of the game. The warm and wet feeling combined with the embarrassment of having a few people see me was what I wanted. But a ride in the paddy wagon was not what I wanted. So for the next hour I wandered about searching for exactly where I could wet myself and not get arrested. When I am desperate the most successful method of holding is to distract myself from thinking about how full I am. Well the sights and sounds and excitement of the crowds was very good fodder for distraction and needing to find the best possible place to wet was just extra ammunition for holding back the inevitable.

I wander up the streets to the far end and discovered the crowds were much thinner there and there was no policemen in sight. Seemed like a very good spot for my impending wetting but if I did it there I would have to walk back through the crowds and past the police to get to my car. So with an overly full bladder that was actually making walking hard I sauntered my way back down the street stopping often to fight off the desire to release. Concentration and distraction, I needed both as much as i ever have.

When i got to where the paddy wagon was parked I noticed a commotion as the police were putting a couple of party goers into it. Sorry for their luck but it was a perfect distraction for my discomfort so I stood and watched as the crowd quickly began to gather and shout drunken words of wisdom to the police. Several squad cares showed up to help keep the crowd in check.

Al of a sudden I was hit with a sharp pain of disagreed from my bladder which forced me to bend over and breath deep. I did not want to loose control there! I needed to get further down the street. I started walking away and felt an uncontrollable spurt release into my panties. It did not feel like a big squirt as I was able to stop it quickly but I was sure that it was enough that a wet spot would be evident. No big worry for that but I was too close to the police. I scurried further away worried if another spurt would come soon and if i would be able to stop it again. I made it to the next intersection and of corse the light was red and there was a squad car there.

My body suddenly shivered in protest and another involuntary spurt came forth. This was a much bigger problem than the previous spurt as this time the liquid spread easily through the small wet patch to search out dry fabric to infect creating a much bigger wet spot. I managed to stop the flow again and the light finally changed so I could start walking again. I did not look down to inspect the damage. I just concentrated on getting further down the street and tried my best to shield the wet patch from view with my purse.

$$$$$$$$$$$$

After crossing the street the crowd began to thin and the police were further behind me with each step. I spotted a bus station bench at the end of the street and notice there was only a few people coming and going. I scurried over to it and quickly sat down. The release of the two previous spurts had reduced the bladder pressure enough that I had a little time to pondered my predicament. There was still people walking by but only a few. The police were a full block away and busy dealing with the crowds. I was sitting on a wire mesh bench which could let my pee escape to the ground unobstructed after it escaped my tight fitting capri blue jeans. And I was only 4 blocks from my vehicle. It simply was the best I could hope for. So I released in spurts the rest of my bladders contents. It was wonderfully warm, exciting and naughty as I sat there hearing my pee splash down on the sidewalk under my seat.

I am not sure at all how long I sat there letting out spurts to empty my bladder, However long it was it simply was not long enough because I was enjoying it too much to want it to stop. But stop it did and I continued to sit there revealing in my naughtiness. Soon the cool night air began to assault my warmth and I decided I just had to get a picture on my phone of this naughty deed. Now despite that I wanted to do this willingly to myself I was horribly scared to stand up and pose for a selfie so I waited until there was no people too close. Funny enough I had no problem with completing my walk of shame back to my vehicle but the thought of standing up and talking a few selfies showing my wetness was incredibly scary.

While I was sitting there summoning up the courage and waiting for the right moment a street panhandler came directly up to me to ask for money. I knew he could see my wetness and saw that as an opportunity to get me to give him some money to get rid of him. What he didn't know was that I was already resided to the fact that people were going to see me in all my wet glory now no matter what I did. So I played the game and let him feel he had the upper hand in respect to my predicament. I wanted to make sure that when I gave him some money he would leave and not hang around thinking he had made a friend for life. He did ask if I have pissed myself or if I spilt a drink to which I did not answer either way. Finally I gave him some money and he scurried of to his next target. I got my pictures and then began with as much dignity as can at all be possible with pee soaked capris in public began my walk to my vehicle.

For all the enjoyment and excitement of doing this to myself the walk to my vehicle was rather disappointing. I must have walked by thirty or forty people but none of them gave any visible notice to my wetness. Oh it was still intensely exciting but I would have thought someone would react to it.

$$

$$

*001*2017-01-24 07:03

Woohoo finally this post is viewable! Ty Omo.

*004*2017-01-24 15:40

{{7 hours ago, Riptide101 said:

Awesome story. :)

}}

Thanks!

*005*2017-01-24 15:41

{{3 hours ago, Seth said:

Awesome story <3 Sounds like you had a lot of fun there ^^

}}

I sure did. ty!

*009*2017-01-25 04:27

{{12 hours ago, wettingman said:

Areat story, and the pix of your pee soaked tight jeans is a big plus. thank you !

}}

TY. The pics were fun to do!

*010*2017-01-25 04:27

{{9 hours ago, illidan80 said:

Nice story, I love it! And thank you for the pictures! :D

}}

TY and you are very welcome!

*011*2017-01-25 04:28

{{8 hours ago, WetDave said:

I like it!

It seems that you enjoy the same peeing activities as me.

}}

Ty and how wonder we enjoy the same!

*014*2017-01-26 06:33

{{5 hours ago, wrdb01 said:

What panties did you have on

}}

Oh gosh I am not sure now. This was 6 months ago now....

*016*2017-01-30 05:54

{{On 1/28/2017 at 1:22 PM, Stanley79 said:

Nice story. However, I found myself distracted wondering which Vancouver. You ruled out V. Washington state in the first paragraph. But worry about police does not sound like Vancouver, BC. Australia?

}}

Oh my bad....I should have said Vancouver B.C. I do know of the Vancouver in Wa., but I did not know there was one in Australia too.

