Wetting while catching pokemon

Author: Dimwitrolo

*000*2017-03-05 01:30

Before you read this, let me preface you: tonight I decided to do a rapid desperation run. This is when you drink a little, pee, have another drink, pee, drink, etc until your body gets used to peeing out everything that goes in. Then you stop peeing. Your body doesn't know what to do, and your bladder fills rapidly. So much so that I'd been peeing every half hour before I wrote this. I starting writing this on my iPad notes page at twenty past midnight. It's now 1:40 and I need to pee again. I've kept it gender-neutral as best I can

I hope you all enjoy it - I know I did!

Okay omo, I'm going to do a hold tonight - I'm challenging myself to keep dry while trying to catch dittos on Pokemon moon.

But there's a catch!

I've been doing the rapid desperation thing for almost an hour - within five minutes of peeing I need to pee again. Right now I'm at a 6 out of 11, 10 being spurts and 11 being wetting uncontrollably (I hope to reach 11 before I end, I'll be honest...)

So, starting now, I'll be using the chain method to catch at least five dittos with four perfect ivs - which means the thirtieth or more ditto in a chain. If I catch five which don't cover all six ivs, I'll carry on until I do

Before I start, a drink! A pint of water sounds good. I'll be updating how I feel every ten minutes or so. Right now I'm crossing and uncrossing my legs and bobbing up and down. Normally I'd be looking for a toilet and showing signs of desperation, but right now I'm just showing signs of desperation. Autocorrect should fix most typos while I do this, so far I've been typing gibberish without it

Okay, drink has been drunk. Two more pints if water for each catch I make, and a large cup of coffee as well. Let's catch me some dittos! I'm already grabbing myself and pacing back and forth... I don't think I'll make it dry!

Two minutes from my last update, I'm at an eight. Can't let go of myself - this rapid desperation thing is no joke. Only just flew my avatar to the right place to catch dittos. Still got three drinks to look forward to...

Found my first ditto after four minutes, not bad. Can't play and type though, I need one hand to hold on. Just need to end this chain, and then another four. Also the three drinks...I'll be wet within the hour, I just know it

For those curious, I'm wearing full length jeans, odd socks, and a button up shirt. And also a look of urgency I'd wager. I don't think I'll make it to the second ditto to be honest.

Accidentally ko'd the first ditto, better start again. I'm not thinking straight already, I'm at a nine! I've not even been going ten minutes fully, haven't even started my coffee.

First ten minute update! Started the coffee, I'll be spurting soon.

Updates are every two minutes really, not ten. Because I need somewhere to complain to! I want to pee so bad. It's going to feel so good when I do go. Finished my coffee.

Fearow. Skarmory. Minior. Beldum. A short list of the Pokemon that keep coming up and are not ditto. I can't sit still, I can't sit straight...I can't hold on!

It's been eight minutes since my last ditto, I have to stand up to stay dry. This is crazy

Twenty minutes since I started, thirty minutes since I last peed. I won't make even one ditto as this rate

I can feel by bladder starting to do its own thing now...another ditto! Don't ko it this time, chain it. I'm going to wet myself before I finish the chain.

Can't stand straight. Can't let go for five seconds without peeing

Sweating now. Turned on the fan to keep me cool. Nearly spurted while doing so. Oh god I have To go so bad!

Bent over double. Nearly thirty minutes. Nearly spurted twice while typing

Thrice

First spurt. Couldn't hold it in. Bent at the knees, couldn't move. Felt it come closer and closer until *fshhh* and I peed a little. Still, I feel much better now! My jean legs have obvious stains down the legs, the front of my right and the back of my left. They did a good job at absorbing it all, there's hardly any on the floor. Still, I feel another wave on the way. I've only just made it half hour and I'm wet. Literally at a ten, I'll have lost all control by the next ten minutes I know it

First spurt penalty is another pint of water. Let's go......and done. I feel spurt two on the way...

The stain is mostly on the back my left calf, and every time I feel it touch me I need to pee more. The next spurt will hit soon - I can feel it coming now.

Not even a minute since my last post and it hit me. I lost all control. This is 11/10. Couldn't move. Bent at the knees my bladder clenched with all its might. I can't hold back - I'm peeing right now, as I type, and it feels wonderful! Not even one ditto and I've wet myself. The inside of my legs are a dark blue top to bottom. It's so warm, it's so goood! I've taken back control now, but I'm finishing deliberately. Might as well finish what I started. It's not easy to convince my body to wet itself like this, but I'm trying!

So there you have it omo! Forty minutes into rapid desperation and I'm standing in a puddle while I add to it. I can keep my jeans warm where my bladder is filling so quickly.

I'll have to get those dittos another time, for now I have to put my clothes in the washer. When I've dealt with those I'll deal with myself....

Hold on

*Hnn!*

Still a little more in me. Well, there was, now it's on me.

Clothes are in the washer, and I'm in my bed. I can guarantee I'm going to need to pee all night long, which means I won't be getting much sleep tonight. I'll be going in and out the bathroom non stop. The good thing about rapid desperation is that my pee is almost completely clean, but the downside is that my bladders going to fill and fill and fill for a good few hours.

Hang on.

Found a bottle. Looks like i might not be going in and out the toilet all night...

Here's hoping I don't wet the bed... good night, omo

DimWitRolo.

