Museum Field Trip pees

Author: Stanley79

*000*2017-01-06 05:06

Couple weeks back I posted a list of high-school field-trip pees. Lost track of where I put those. For completeness I offer the two favorites I remember. My apologies for my very poor typing. Hopefully, better on this laptop.

A family emergency called our electrician away midday. So the manager sent me up a wobbly ladder into a very high lighting grid to finish the electrician’s assignment and get intimate with my acrophobia. But when I forced my eyes open the entire exhibit hall entered my view field – with all the 8-foot false walls a rare experience for me.

I’d hardly forced my eyes open when a high-school field-trip group entered the exhibit hall. Most teachers let visits to our museum be grub days. Apparently this teacher took the opposite view. Not formal, but in-fashion school cloths all around.

Even so, one girl stood out as exceptionally sophisticated looking and seemingly decisive. She strode directly to an environmental exhibit and started taking notes. Twenty seconds lated that first impression crumbled.

She went ridged and snapped her left hand tight between legs, right hand still clutching her pen and notebook. Fifteen seconds later she relaxed and went back to taking notes. What?! She didn’t look like the type to risk having to hold herself a second time in front of 30 other students. If I wasn’t hugging the lighting grid so tightly, I would have fallen in a heap next to her.

But not only did she take the risk, she repeated the same going stiff and holding herself three more times without the slightest hint of looking for a restroom. (She’d been rather close to one when approaching the exhibit hall. But as I said about the signs...)

The fifth time her hand went between her legs, it stayed for no more than 3 seconds before she jerked it away and ran in place. Then she ran to her teacher and said something. He responded with something. She shook her head violently. He looked around, picked a second female student and the trio headed out to door toward the closest restrooms.

Following them would be too obvious. But I could pretend to check wiring next to where the girl had run in place. The girl had not dribbled on the floor. But I feel certain she jerked her hand away to prevent a leak into panties reaching her dress skirt.

Another curious thing had happened. The other students paid zero attention to her behavior. Was this such a common thing it bored the other students?

Twenty minutes later I’d finished the assigned task. I dropped the electricians belt in my shop, checked my own work orders (nothing pressing) and (as my manager expected me to) started my mid-afternoon exhibit inspection tour. No wet between the energy and environment hall and the restrooms. Maybe the building custodian had already been there. No sign of teacher and two girls. No sign of the other adults and students. And only minor exhibit issues waiting my attention.

Presumably, the E&E hall was their finial stop in the museum. Most field trips had a meet-point. Since FRS radio and cell phones no class waisted much time regrouping. So I have no absolute proof the student leaked – just an otherwise unexplained change in behavior. I went back to my shop to sulk.

The next incident contains the opposite gaps: I missed the preliminaries but saw proof of the wetting. To increase the contrast the girl wore blue shorts, a T shirt, sneakers, bobby socks and nothing more sophisticated than her three-ring binder.

As I exited the passage from my shop to the restroom landing the girl saw me first. As she spun her back away from me and tried to cover her shorts front, she composed, “Oh, Hello.” Doubt I’d noticed her had I she not spun and addressed me.

Of course, given her greeting, spin, hesitation and then backing into the women’s room, I could hardly help noting the dripping from her shorts hem.

I descended into a hall housing the mathematics and reptile exhibits. A high-school field trip group (composed of students mostly half a head taller than the girl who had just greeted me) watched a college-student temporary-employee stow materials she’d just used during the boa constrictor mini-presentation. When fed, the creature is quite harmless. The college employee more or less wears it. While the employee handles the creature, it’s within half an arms length of any visitor wishing to approach that close.

At the time I could think of three scenarios, all probably wrong. We might as well speculate the girl had done battle with a 32-ounce slushy at the fast-food circle next to the museum. (1) Two machines demonstrating statistical principles seemed to hypnotize the occasional visitor. Perhaps see watched one of these until her bladder gave the two-minute warning signal. She ran around the hall a couple times looking for a sign or person point to the restroom (up a flight of stairs). She might have peed ascending the stairs. Possibly she didn’t pee until startled by my appearance out of an unmarked door. (2) She wasn’t actually desperate, just somewhere along the scale. She missed the call for the boa-constrictor presentation. When she noticed, she had to squeeze through taller students to get a view. In so doing she came nose-to-nose with the creature. At this point she did a startle pee. (3) A bad need to pee had turned worse while she tried to escape the maze in the exhibit hall above.

She had arrived within 5 feet of the women’s room when I arrived out of my rusty door. Therefore, I don’t actually know whether she arrived from the exhibit hall above or the one below.

Much to my surprise, I saw her twice more during the next hour. Fifteen minutes later she was in the exhibit hall above covering her derrière with a three-ring binder she’d not had when I first saw her. She remained in the same soaked shorts and acted embarrassed. Another twenty minutes found her on a courtyard bench chatting with her teacher and looking relaxed. I could tell the teacher had noticed my interest somewhere earlier in the situation.

