Forced bedwetting

Author: KKazz

*000*2012-10-25 21:26

*** first wetting experience post (be kind and comment)

** names may have been altered to protect identities

* sorry if a bit long ...

So awhile ago i was seeing this girl named Amanda and on this one night while i was spending the night she wouldn't have any water in her house from 9 pm till 7 am (water company was doing some maintenance or something) so she told me to make sure i could handle not using the washroom between those hours (kind of ironic looking back at it) Anyways i saw this as an opportunity to introduce her to my fetish (watching a girl bouncing up and down until she bursts) so i made sure to give her lots of water and juice yet prevent her from going until 9. Sadly she didn't seem to mind all too much and held it like a champ :(

However the next morning she woke me up from her tossing and turning and i could see her hands placed firmly between her legs and muttering "I got to go.... i gotta go... mmmmm just a bit longer" i waited a bit being unsure if she was asleep or awake. i looked at the time and saw that it was only about 5 am. I watched a bit longer starting to get really aroused and even started slowly stroking myself. Then i decided to make my move i grabbed her by the shoulder and rolled her over getting on top *accidently* applying weight on her stomach. This did two things, first woke her up and second made her need to pee that much worse. Before she could say anything i started kissing her and rubbing her clit outside of her panties (partly hoping they would be wet from more than her juices) she reacted by twisting her legs and arms yet was still kissing me.

Shorty after before i really got into it she broke it off and said that she really needed to pee. I smiled and told her "you can't its not past 7" then stuck my tongue out and started kissing her neck. She forced my hand away from vag and began holding herself. She then begged me to let her go slightly getting forceful, but her pleas fell on deaf ears as i only teased her using a baby like voice "AWW does amanda need to pee" removing her hand from herself and replacing it with my own. Then i felt it a little squirt on my hand and a shiver of pleasure overcame me, i was enjoying this way too much. she then screamed at me "Yes crap I'm going to pee myself .... let me go" and started to push me off. However once away from me she saw my ridiculous bulge and for whatever reason (thank god for it though) she then came back and sat on top of me with one hand on her bladder the teasingly close to my cock.

She then used her own babyish voice "Aww is Matthew aroused (as she then grabbed my dick through my boxers and began stroking it) i'm sorry honey i can hold it for you" I then sat up and started kissing her as she began jerking me off. "you sure about that... you already seem wet to me" as i placed my hand awkwardly over her slightly damp panties . "I promise. Thats just because i'm so turned on by you" she whispered into my ear flicking it with her tongue "you sure about that babe" then to her surprise tickled her sides, she shot upwards and i could feel warmth around my crotch. i then looked and saw a respectable wet patch. "OMG YOUR A JERK" as she hit me and went to get off. i grabbed her arm and pulled her back "I will make you a deal if you can hold it before i jizz i will do anything you want me too even drive you and your girlfriends to do your shopping"

"Why do you want it so badly it will take like a minute tops"

"I think this is kind of hot, i like watching you squirm" As i poked her again causing her to double over. "Fine... lay down this needs to be quick" she then climbed on top of me (69 position and her ass rested across my chest i could then feel her starting to give me head. I was in heaven but i couldn't cum until she peed herself. She started going faster and soon placed her hand over herself once again. Straining to keep my eyes open from the pleasure i watched as tidbits of pee drops started escaping from her hand. She wasn't going to make it :D. " MMMM i cant do it, you win " as she looked at me with pleading eyes but not moving.

"you just need a distraction Amanda... here" as i started to reposition her ontop of me pulling her panties aside (not off) and inserted myself fully in her. She then started riding my cock as she was biting her lip. I leaned back so i could watch her now very wet panties for the gleam of when she lost control. She was going very slowly (as she liked it at her own pace on top) and stopping occasionally yet seemed to have total control. I lost it i was too aroused and seeing all this and feeling all of it was to much i began bouncing her up and down as fast and hard as i possibly could. Her face went from troubled and locked up to complete aww. Shorty after i felt her floodgates give out and my balls and pelvis began getting socked.

She started moaning uncontrollably the bedsheets started getting damp and the pee flooded around my hands where they were pushing down on the bed. Everything was getting soaked and i could still feel the warmth generating from it the warm waterfall effect when you take a shower. Just instead it was her pee on my cock and balls. I then shot my load so hard inside her and laid completely down on the bed. She was still peeing and got off at me and stood up (still on the bed) i watched as her drentched panties kept leaking her golden liquids onto the bed. I was in complete ecstasy.

After she stopped she felt herself while looking in the mirror. The complete front was wet and her ass was soaked too. I nearly came again from seeing the wet fabric cling to her ass as she bent over. "Hope your happy, freak" As she took off her panties and threw them onto me. "Very" i smiled back at her. She grinned and walked away. I looked at the time 6 45. "FUCK!! THE SHOWER STILL ISNT WORKING" I laughed what a great way to start my morning.

*006*2012-10-30 01:32

It was all in good fun, to be honest a lot of the relationship didn't make sense to me and after this she went on to tell me how much fun she had doing this and it became a recurring thing for us

