Video I promised on Live Action Omorashi♡

Author: babemeetsworld

*000*2016-03-30 18:17

On the other topic I posted my desperation night, and some sneak peak pictures before I'd post the video. I went and posted it in the downloads thing but I'm completely new at this and I've realized it didn't post.... So! Here it is!

I won't be posting much because I'll be away for a month but if you have any requests to keep myself entertained or other non-omo things post on the topic here about my absence:

$/30488-taking-a-break-from-internet-overcoming-bpd%E2%9D%80/

I made that in the off-topic forum as, well it's completely off-topic, and I wanted to let my friends know why I'm going away for a month. I'm too busy right now to message everyone

I'll copy and paste my desperation posts below, read as you please and have fun with the video!

###

(5:00pm) I haven't gone to the bathroom since 6am this morning, and currently it's 5pm. It's raining outside and I can hear the rain drops, I don't know why but I love the rain. I am still holding, just sitting at my dinning room table on my laptop. The window is open and each time the wind pushes the rain harder on my deck I can hear how wet it is outside and it feels like my bladder is blushing... I've drank about 3 liters of juice today, and I've been running around all day. Now that I'm sitting I can't stop squirming and holding myself while I sit on my leg, just going side to side. I've never posted on this thread before but I thought I might as well have fun. I'll reply every so often. xx

(5:32pm) I'm really good at holding it, but I'm going to try to drink as much as I can because my friend is coming over at 8pm. I have to run around my room and clean, it's a horrible disaster! I want to be desperate while I try to clean, I've learnt that's my favorite thing to do... I like a challenge. Supper is at 6pm though and when my family and I eat we watch TV for about an hour... So once I get up from that I'll be very desperate and very busy cleaning.

I won't be paying attention to holding which can cause an accident, especially since I oddly have a weak bladder when I don't pay attention. As soon as I forget I dribble slowly and try to hold as hard as I can until it leaks too fast and I'm stuck grabbing myself until I stop and just stand there with wet legs because I'm scared to move and make a bad puddle on the floor. My biggest weakness is being a meter away from the toilet which makes me feel like I'm almost there and I just can't stop. When I have an accident and I am a meter away, I feel like such a bad girl...

(5:56pm) I like to try and be as descriptive as I can even though I'm not used to omo that much yet :$

When I clean, I am very fast! I turn on music and I run around like crazy. My friend and I are very comfortable with each other and she knows I posts things on here and she knows about my fetish. If I am still holding and she is here, she said she would take a video of my desperation so I can post it. You won't miss all the fun after all!

There have been times where I have not leaked completely but my bladder will push and some will be forced out without control while I am watching a movie/show with the family. Like I said, when I don't pay attention to my bladder I tend to have an accident. Sometimes in the middle of an episode I'll feel my underwear becomes a little bit wet and my stomach would have that shock "oh shit" feeling and I'll hold for the rest of the show until I can't anymore. When I notice myself squirm a tad, I get a little bit embarrassed but I don't think anyone can notice, since most of the time it's just my foot shaking while I sit on my leg. Just looks like a normal shakey thing to them.

At the moment, I'm still at the dinning room table. I have a tall glass of water next to me with a straw, I love straws because it makes me drink so much in a small amount of time. I've been holding for so long that I am incredibly horny... I don't usually admit when I am but wow.

I might even have a little fun before supper...

(6:17pm) Supper is here... Mmmmm St-Hubert's!! (Chicken strips and fries with gravy)

I've drank two glasses of water, I'm getting a bigger glass now since I'll be busy. I'll be watching the movie Man Up, made by the people who filmed Paul! I do have my phone on me so if anything happens I'll post right away :)

(6:52pm) They are both british movies but they are on netflix!!

I can feel my bladder being so full it's pushing the tip of my crotch and I'm about to leak. I'm trying hard to stay on the couch and watch this movie but every so often my stomach tickles and I squirm. I just want to rub myself but the desperation and the thought that I can't do anything is exciting. I wonder how long I can hold myself back.

(7:10pm) Ah, you're making me think about the rain outside... I like rain and puddles so much

I'm at about a 9 I swear if I stand up my bladder will push down so bad and I won't be able to control it at all. I can just imagine it now... My underwear slowly getting damp and it turns me on so bad I'll let myself go by accident that I'll burst and the leaking will go down my legs and my leggings will be wet all the way to my feet... I need to stop thinking about it, the movie is only half way!

(7:29pm) I am trying! There's still about 20 minutes left on this movie... I am definitely about to wet soon... Really trying to tell myself I can make it.

(8:01pm) The movie is finally over, I have 1 hour to clean!

I ran to my room and I sat on my bed. I didn't want to lose control because I really want to film myself. I laid down on my bed and started to rub myself. I thought that if I could calm myself down I'd be able to hold for a lot longer. I started to rub myself and try to get all the squirming out of my system. I started holding and pressing myself but I dribbled and now I can feel a little spot on my leggings. I thought if I just rub harder and get all the moaning and tingly feelings out of me, I can last for one more hour. The little wet spot just turned me on more and I can feel my fingers become a little damp.

I didn't want to wet yet, I loved how when I held my breath and rubbed myself as hard as I could it felt like I was about to burst. The embarassement and tingliness in me was so strong I was sure I was about to wet my bed. Then I orgasmed and moaned so strongly, I felt relieved. I'm not a bad girl yet, I can last another hour. As I'm laying on my bed typing this right now, I am out of breath. Before I start squirming again I should clean my room as fast as I can. I'll reply soon enough with more details.

(9:24pm) Well... I didn't last long at all... As soon as I got up to clean I felt like my bladder was so full I was going to miss my chance at making a small video :( All I could hear once I stood up was the rain hitting my window so hard. My bladder was too full and I knew if I didn't get to the bathroom in time I was going to make a a bigger mess in my room. I ran to the bathroom in panic. I was trying so hard to hold it in, I whined and stuck my tongue out in fear... as if that would do anything.

I turned on my phone's video camera, I had absolutely no time to get my real camera. I started recording and I stood at a reasonable distance. I couldn't open my eyes, I knew I was about to make the biggest mess I have since I was little. I was squirming and I tried not to jump up and down so much. I didn't want to face the camera, I felt embarrassment in my stomach. I thought maybe if I stopped bouncing around maybe I could calm down. I held my stomach but my first instinct was to press it.

All I could feel were tickles on my crotch and I wanted to hold it with my fingers so bad. I started getting wet, really fast. My bladder burst and all I could hear is my bathroom floor getting wet, as if someone was emptying a water bottle on the floor at medium force. I couldn't hold at all anymore, I just couldn't. I was shocked with how bad of a girl I was being and turned around. Facing the camera made me blush. My eyes were still closed and I smiled, I just realized I've been holding all day, that's a lot of pee...

I didn't even put a towel down or anything. I started peeing so hard that it went straight down my legs and gushed on the floor. I could feel my feet being soaked in a puddle, and knowing it wasn't water made me blush even harder. My leggings were drenched but oddly only in the middle of my legs. The fabric felt thick and as I looked down I thought "wow, that's a big relief"... I was being so bad and all I could think about was you punishing me. I'm not a big girl I guess, if bad girls make messes, I was a real bad girl for wetting myself this time.

Babe Wets Grey Leggings.mp4

*007*2016-03-31 18:13

20k downloads? o.o

You guys are so nice! Makes me so happy when people think good things of me, I'm wearing pjs and you guys still think I'm hot

