Wife's Ultrasound

Author: KH294

*000*2016-06-21 16:55

This is my first post. My wife gave me the okay so I figured I would share with you all. Quick background on my wife. She really isn't into watersports or omorashi. However, she will indulge me with stories of her desperation/accidents from time to time. I did not witness this event. My wife told me the story as we were fooling around afterward.

My wife had an ultrasound scheduled. For those that are not familiar, you need to have a very full bladder for them to obtain the images. My wife had been drinking water all morning in preparation for the exam. Just after noon she left for the hospital. I sent her a txt after she left daring her to wait till she got home to pee. I expected to get a LOL or no response. Instead, she responded with, "Yeah right, I'm practically peeing my pants right now." For my wife to respond this way, she really had to pee. I sent a few more txt messages inquiring about the state of her bladder, but got nothing in response.

About an hour later our daughter had just gone down for her nap and I heard the garage door open. I was waiting for her in the bedroom. I asked how things went and she gave me a smirk, took off her jeans (revealing a wet pair of pink panties) and told me this amazing story. It's not verbatim, but it's as close as I can remember....

"I arrived at the hospital and checked in. The lady at the desk told me to take a glass of water to make sure my bladder was full. I assured her that it was very full already. I asked how long the wait would be and she told me a few minutes. I had a seat at one of the chairs with my legs crossed tightly and foot bouncing. About five minutes later I was just about to get up to the bathroom to let a little urine out to take some of the pressure off my bladder when they called my name. I thought about going to the bathroom, but I was worried if I started peeing I might not be able to stop, and I didn't want to risk delaying the exam.

I walked back to the exam room where the ultrasound tech asked me if my bladder was full. I assured her that it was very full, sat down on the exam table, and she started. As soon as she put the probe on my stomach, I thought I was going to lose it. I had my thighs pressed together so tightly to keep from emptying my bladder right there on the table. A few minutes into the ultrasound she moved the probe in a way that put a ton of pressure directly on my bladder. Without warning, I felt the crotch of my panties get warm as a small leak escaped.

I shuddered as I pressed my thighs tightly together. I felt my face getting red when the ultrasound tech asked me if everything was okay. I told her, "Everything is fine, I'm just trying not to pee in my pants." I struggled through the rest of the ultrasound without any more damage. As soon as she was done I half waddled to the bathroom, tore down my pants/panties and peed for what seemed like forever. I tried to dry the crotch of my panties as best as possible with a little toilet paper before leaving for home."

Needless to say, I was beyond turned on at this point. She let me see her panties which were completely soaked in the crotch. Her jeans may have been a little wet, but you definitely couldn't tell she had peed until they came off. I think she enjoyed getting a rise out of me, but was very embarrassed about the whole situation.

