Yellow snow

Author: Sollie

*000*2018-01-22 01:54

Well as you can see I'm am most definitely a nebie but after reading some stories I thought that I might as well add one myself.

Well this all started about a month ago, so in December, it was pretty late at night and my sister had to decided to go to a friends house to get something(I don't remembered what), but me seeing it as an opportunity to do something, me and my nephew (who also had nothing to do) had decided to go with her. Well while she was driving I had remembered that I didn't use the bathroom befor we left( yeah I know I should have known better but yeah whatever I forgot) I Checked my iPod that was currently playing music in the car, to see what time it was. It had read 10:30 and we had left 9:15pm.

Okay not bad I thought to myself, but that was until I felt a twinge in my bladder. Okay maybe a little bad i thought. We had arrived at my sisters friends but me and my nephew decided to wait in the car sine we didn't know her friend that well and we didn't think it would be appropriate to be visiting that late. While we were still listening to music I noticed it had started to snow again outside(again it's December and we already had 5 inches that week and it was already in the negative degrees, but yeah back to the story) I checked my iPod again and I noticed that she had been in there for over 30mins, by then I was squirming in the back seat my my left hand stuck between my legs like a vise. My nephew had notice and had asked what was wrong. While taking a drag from a cig trying to keep myself distracted I tole him that I had to pee really bad. To my shock, he said that he had to too.

At this point I was bursting and then he said, if you have to go, I guess you can go by the side of the car. Okay I thought I could do that except for the fact that it was snowing like a blizzard outside, it was freezing and the most important my sisters friends house was literally a block infront of freaking Walmart. But just as I thought that I could hold it just a bit longer, a spurt shout out( yeah so much for waiting) so while putting the cigarette and quickly with shaking hands grabbed the door handle and yanked the door open. I walked begrudgingly to the drivers side stood there for a second preparing myself for what I was about to do. I then opened the back door pulled my pants down ( freezing by the way) and as soon as I got into squatting position it was like Niagara Falls, I couldn't stop the low shaky moan coming from my mouth.

After what seemed like 2 minutes I finally stopped, I wiped with a Kleenex and threw it under the car, just as I pulled my pants back up I look back to see my nephew looking at me I give a quick embarrassed smile and hurry back into the car. Little did I know as soon as I got in the car he would get out, walk to where I just was, open the door I opened, pull out his member and start peeing right where I just did. I heard a gasp of relief from his mouth he seemed to take longer than me to finish but I tryed not to pry so I just kept looking at my iPod and looking up.

Occasionally after about 5 minutes he was done he had zipped himself up, shut the back door and also hurriedly got back into the car. When he got in we both shared a look in the reer view mirror and both stated laughing since we both felt so much better. After about ten minutes later my sister finally comes out and gets into the the car. She asks if we need anything befor we leave and we both say no i continue with not anymore. And with that she gave us a weird look and then said ok whatever, and started the car driving us home. The end.

*003*2018-01-24 04:07

Yeah she probably knew but I am surprised she didn't say anything and as for how much I had to drink, I had just got got done drinking from a 73oz water bottle so not much, but as time went by liquids collected fast. As for how long it was approximately 3 and a half hours. I tend to have a small bladder so it never takes long.

