Real accident after a party (couldn't make it)

Author: bebesito

*000*2020-12-10 13:00

Hello everyone, this is my very first post in this forum and thought it'd be a great idea to start off sharing a real accident i had about a year ago.

Btw, english is not my first language, so corrections are welcome haha. hope you like it and tell me if you've had similar experiences.

Alright, so i was 20 years old and i was (i'm still) in college. It was january and a friend of mine had her birthday on thursday, so she decided to celebrate it in a bar near the campus. we all met up there and started drinking, we were having a nice moment not only because of her birthday, but also because it was the first time in the year that we were all together again. i was 3 beers in and i felt the need to go to the bathroom, so i went. I'm not into wetting or holding tbh, i like reading real experiences and that's all, im not into wetting even though i like the warm feeling because i just don't like cleaning up the mess hahaha.

So i went to the bathroom and peed and then came back to the table with my friends and kept drinking. It was 2am and the bar was about to close, so my friends decided to continue partying in somebody's house i wanted to go with them but i was taking care of a friend and she didn't have permission to go, her parents only allowed her to go to this bar and wanted her back home by 3am. So me and my friend took an uber to her house, during the uber trip i kind of felt again the need to pee, but i just ignored it since i had never had an accident and i'm a nice holder so to speak haha. We got to her house and we said goodbye, i wanted to tell her that i needed to use her bathroom, but i was ashamed of asking for it, and her parents would see me half-drunk. besides, i still didn't have the urge to go, i was sure that i would make it. after taking her home, i didn't take an uber to my house, since i like walking and my house was about 20min from her house.

So i began to walk and honestly i wasnt thinking about 'having to pee', i was thinking about the party and wondering how would my friends be doing since they continued the party. i kept walking, and the need became and urge, but i was nearly home, so i just walked faster and squeezed my crotch, at that point i could barely move, i couldn't believe what was about to happen, i was just 1 block away from my house, desperately i began to run in a last attempt to make it, but my bladder was bursting, and then it happened...

I didn't even leak, i just abruptly lost full control of myself and i couldn't believe i was really genuinely wetting myself in public (it was 3am, nobody saw me thank god), i felt how my penis fired out the pee at full speed, and how the warm liquid streamed down my left leg making me all wet, darkening my blue jeans and ruining my white sneakers, leaving behind me a huge puddle. Nowadays, i still can't conceive that i truly wet myself, it makes me so horny. So that's my story haha hope you liked it, please let me know what you think about it and feel free to share similar experiences haha

Y un saludo para Valentina Rosas, ojalá estés leyendo esto jaja eres mi crush dentro del forum

*003*2020-12-14 09:12

{{On 12/12/2020 at 12:48 AM, BladderLad said:

Thanks for sharing! That sounds very hot

}}

Thanks for reading haha and yeahh, i still get horny thinking about that and wondering how could that happen to me jajajaj

*004*2020-12-14 09:16

{{On 12/12/2020 at 11:22 AM, Spectator9 said:

Sometimes the alcohol can numb the urgency. Not always a bad thing if you only need to hold it a few minutes more, but it can lure you into putting off peeing too long as happened here!

}}

It is good to know that, although most of the time ive experienced the exact opposite haha 

When im drinking alcohol, once i start going to the bathroom, i cant stop it haha and i would end up going 6-7 times during a single night

Thanks for readind, it means a lot

