My Intentional Wetting Experience At Middle School + Two Desperation Moments

Author: Keita123

*000*2017-06-10 07:11

When I was hitting puberty at middle school, I remember intentionally wetting myself a little just so a little wet patch would be visible on my pants. I shivered at doing the act and looking at the wet spot, it just felt so naughty. I remember doing it often while wearing my bright yellow sports pants, The material of the pants is this soft thing that is quite absorbent, probably cotton. I started doing it in the bathroom, letting out a drop then checking if it showed. If not, then I would let out some more until there was that delightful wet patch. Thanks to the material, sometimes I leaked too much, from not showing at all to this pretty sizeable wet patch At first, I only did it in the bathroom with me staring at it, but eventually I did while on the field, while sitting or standing in place. I simply loved that feeling of warmth.

But my most daring act was doing it in the library right when I was sitting in front of a girl while in a study session. Feeling bored, and not having gone to the bathroom after school, I released multiple times into my dark blue school uniform pants. I feel excited doing it this close to another person. At first, it was just some drops, but at the last leak, I actually lost control for a good two seconds before pressing my tights together to stem the flow. I could feel my heart beat rising terribly. I certainly didn't mean to wet this much. It felt like my sphincter had relaxed too much since it just came out like it was nothing. In the end, I had to wait until she left before standing up since there was now a sizeable damp spot on my pants. It was still visible, even with the dark material.

I ended up stopping the habit however after a classmate of mine outright asked, "Did you wet your pants?" at a gym class. I just pretended that I didn't realize it was wet and said, "It must've been sweat" though internally, I was terribly embarrassed.

Today, I kinda replace the act with masturbating with my pants on.

There were also rainy days where I didn't bring an umbrella and I just wet myself through my already soaked pants, with none the wiser. I think I actually held off not going to the bathroom on those days.

As for actual desperation, I remember this return home journey from a field trip where I was bursting to go in the bus for about four hours. It was straight out of an omorashi fic where the bus would get into a long traffic jam. I was getting sleepy as well and I ended up going to sleep for a short while, feeling terribly relaxed, and woke up abruptly just to check if my crotch was still dry. I felt like I would be wetting myself if I actually slept for real. It felt really odd, as eventually I felt like I couldn't feel anything down there after holding for so long. Thankfully, in the end, not a single drop leaked.

There was also that one time where I was bursting to pee in a middle of a biology test at high school. That one was real and I felt like if I didn't rush out my answers, I would've actually wet my pants. Once I got to the toilet, I let out the longest and most satisfying pee I've ever had.

*002*2017-06-13 01:08

Nah, I masturbate only in private.

Though I've leaked pre-cum a couple of times when I got horny. Thanks to my tight pants, I could actually feel a little sliminess through the fabric. My work pants are black so it doesn't really show.

*004*2017-06-13 01:16

Not quite, but I do like that feeling of "Ooh, it's coming out!" that the two shared.

*008*2017-06-27 15:01

Haha, glad to see anyone else with the same kink.

Never really full on peed while wearing pants myself (not counting swimming trunks of course)

*010*2017-06-28 15:16

{{12 hours ago, BENAir01 said:

Oh you're missing out. It's quite the feeling.

}}

Well, today, I went to a water park and as usual, I decided to hold my pee for a later wetting. I already felt that tingle of need when I arrived which was pretty great since usually I didn't start with that. Midway through the day, I'm already at that point where I would normally go to the bathroom right away but of course, I decided to hold. I actually was both dreading and expecting me leaking when I entered your usual exciting water sliders but in the end, I didn't leak at all. As usual, my bladder control is pretty good. At the end of the day, I was quite bursting so I decided to let it all out at the showers before I changed back to my dry clothes. When I entered, I immediately turned into my naughty mode, so to speak, and started crossing my legs while holding my crotch, saying to myself "Oooh, I can't hold it anymore..."

Of course, it was just a pretension and I still felt I could hold for quite some time longer, but there was no way I was going to go back in my dry clothes in a state like that. So, to follow through, I relaxed my sphincter, allowing a spurt of pee to come out from my penis. I could immediately feel the warmth spreading in my swimming trunks, though nothing really escaped. But then, before I knew it, another spurt came out. And another. And another. And another. Until I lost it all and I peed right there on the showers, with my hands still on my crotch. It was truly a bizarre feeling, as usually I had to force my pee out, even when I did it in private like this. I tried to stop it but to no avail. It just came out like I truly had wet myself.

Still, I feel like my ideal state is with me spurting and leaking for a long while without actually wetting. Both "having to force my pee out" and "losing control right away after a few seconds of spurting" aren't exactly my wish. The closest I got was that spurting scene I did in the library. I actually kinda needed to pee back there and me purposefully relaxing my sphincter weakened it, making me lose an actual spurt. I imagine if I sat there with a full bladder like today, I would've actually wet myself for real with me spurting intentionally like that. I can't imagine what I would do, other than sitting there in the puddle of my own pee, hoping that no one would notice.

{{On 6/27/2017 at 9:05 PM, BENAir01 said:

Back in school I would always let a little out in my pants to make the underwear wet and sometimes a small spot in my pants too. It was so exciting. Additionally, in gym class, because I would wear black shorts, I would stand over the toilet and start peeing in my pants until I had a full stream of pee going and then o would have to try and get my penis out of my pants, but whenever the pee stopped coming out, I would have to stop moving and wouldn't be able to start moving until I had a full stream of pee going again. And then at the end when my stream started to slow down, I would have to put my penis back in my pants and finish off there. It was such a fun challenge for me to do, I miss those days.

}}

Hmm, I imagine with a black gym pants, I would have more fun spurting since the damp spot would be nowhere near as noticeable as on an orange one. But the fun is also in seeing how your pants darken as you leak. I don't like it at all that I can't see any noticeable difference on my swimming trunks when I had a full-blown wetting in it.

