Bursting on the train

Author: younggermangay

*000*2021-04-11 23:58

I think pretty much everyone on here has either been themselves absolutely desperate to pee on public transit or witnessed someone in this state, or has at least heard of someone. However, in many cases there is a way out of this situation, either by getting off some stops earlier and then waiting for the next bus or train, or by using the toilets in the vehicle itself. My story is a little bit different. For me, there was no way out, and even if the train had had a toilet (spoiler alert: it didn't), I couldn't have used it anyways because I was the train driver.

Since this is going to be a very long and detailed recounting of events and I also have to explain a lot about the circumstances at first, I decided to mark the crucial parts with a yellow font colour. Everything written in white isn't technically required, but if you're interested, you're welcome to read it of course.

Part I: Explaining the circumstances

###

(Pee stuff starts in Part II)

I used to work for the Munich suburban train network when this happened. This network is awesome and terrible for the exact same reason - let me explain. It consists of seven lines connecting the greater metropolitan area with the city. All seven lines traverse Munich's inner city on the same east-west link which means that you can reach the Central Station, the central Marienplatz and every single underground line from any stop on the suburban train network without having to change a single time. That's awesome!

However, it also means that the central train route is a huge, very busy bottleneck. During peak hours, there is one train scheduled every 120 seconds - per direction. This makes it Germany's busiest train route, and it also means that every single little delay starts a huge domino effect on the following trains. Be it just one commuter running towards the train and getting stuck in between the closing doors, forcing the train driver to re-open and re-close them, it causes every single following train having to stand and wait in what is essentially a huge bumper-to-bumper traffic jam on train tracks. That's terrible!

Part II: An unfortunate series of events

###

(Pee stuff starts here)

Spoiler

(Inside the spoiler, there is a map of the network; it might be easier to follow the story if you know where it takes place)

On this particular day, I was on early shift. We're talking getting up at 2:30 AM and starting to work at 4 AM. Those were actually my favourite kinds of shifts to be on because it meant empty roads on my way to work, being able to watch the sun rise over the city, seeing Munich slowly waking up, not having to deal with too many disgruntled customers (because those were still only half awake and preferred to have their peace) and ending the workday in the early afternoon when there still is daylight even during winter. Also my consumption of excessive amounts of coffee didn't raise any eyebrows.

So, now that the scene is set, here's what happened.

5:30 AM: After having had one large cup of coffee already during my first part of the shift, I waited at Munich East station for the next east bound S8 train towards Munich Airport (the yellow line on the network map, how fitting) to take it over from another driver. Once the train came to a halt at platform 5, I opened the door to the driver's cabin, the other driver and I exchanged keys, he told me about several minor technical issues the train had, he hopped out onto the platform, I entered my driver identification number into the computer, took place on the seat, placed my second cup of coffee in the cup holder and ordered the doors to close, all this had to happen in a maximum of 30 seconds. Thus began my main part of the shift.

6:00 AM: Half an hour later, I arrived at Munich Airport on time. By now, my second cup of coffee was empty and I could feel my mood rising to a new high point: so far, everything went accordingly to plan, the weather was nice and warm, there were no issues on the network whatsoever and the sunrise had been stunningly beautiful. As soon as I arrived at the station and stopped the train, another driver entered the driver's cabin on the other side of the train. I told him via the microphone that so far, nothing had been wrong, I had been able to fix the minor techincal problems during the drive, he confirmed this, then I packed my stuff and left the train. Only three minutes later, the train left the station and I had 20 minutes to go and buy some breakfast alongside a third cup of coffee.

6:15 AM: Back at the platform with a bag full of still warm and crispy Brezeln as well as a large hot cup of coffee, I waited for the arrival of my next train. My bladder still felt empty, I was used to working long shifts without the ability to relieve myself. Sometimes I even skipped peeing on purpose to see just how long I would be able to hold it without getting in trouble. So, when the train arrived only a minute behind it's schedule, the only thing I thought about was doing my job. I entered the cockpit and did all the necessary steps to prepare the train for its return journey like I had already done hundreds of times. Testing the brakes, entering all required data into the computer, talking with the other driver via microphone about potential problems with the vehicle, loading the timetable data and registering with my train's trip number, all this took about two and a half minutes. I accelerated and left the station.

I would be driving this train for quite some time along the entirety of the line S8 to its other terminus in Herrsching, that's why I had made sure to buy an especially large cup of coffee. I made myself comfortable on my driver's seat and focussed on everything I needed to. Driving a train might look easy on the outside, but to actually pay attention to several things at once is quite the task in fact. Observing the track ahead, checking the speed of the train, calculating the required braking distance on the fly while trying to stay on time but also to save as much energy as possible, and then still be always on hold to react to anything that might go wrong during the trip and immediately knowing what to do and what restrictions apply from then on is actually really hard. Staying focussed drains my energy rather quickly, that's another reason why I prefer to drink caffeinated beverages during my shifts. Every time I left a stop, I took a sip.

6:50 AM: I arrived at Munich East on time just like usual. Ahead of me was the dreaded inner city tunnel, the central train link and bottleneck of the whole system. When I was finally given the green signal to leave, I was already running two minutes late - waiting for the track ahead to clear of other trains, of course. It was the beginning of rush hour, my train was the full 210 metres long (that's about 690 ft) and filled to the brim with around 1000 commuters all waiting to get into the city. I had to come to a complete stop in between stations several times because the track ahead was still blocked, nothing out of the ordinary though. I have always been fascinated by the sheer amount of people in big cities like Munich, especially since I grew up in a tiny village in the middle of nowhere, and to this day I am stunned whenever I see the crowded platforms and even more crowded trains arriving every few seconds.

7:15 AM: At station Pasing, the western end point of the central trunk line, I was running late by about five minutes. My cup of coffee was empty and I had pulled a bottle of cola out of my bag. I wanted to challenge myself, so I tried to eliminate my delay on my way to Herrsching by driving a bit more recklessly - that means, accelerating and decelerating as fast as the vehicle allows without much regard for the machine parts. With every stop I was able to catch up with my time table by about 30 seconds. This was awesome, by the second-to-last stop I was on time again. I allowed myself to calm down a bit and relax again, and that's when I noticed it.

My bladder had filled up by a considerable amount.

7:55 AM: I stopped the train at the terminus in Herrsching and did all the necessary steps to finish up the train journey. When I exited the driver's cabin, I noticed just how full my bladder had actually become over the last hour and a half, it was already beyond a simple "Oh damn, guess I should go and look for a place to pee soon". If I had to estimate, I was at about 6/10 by this point. However, I was out of luck: I was scheduled to leave for Munich once again in seven minutes, there was simply no time to relieve myself now. Whoops. I made my way onto the other side of the train, entered the cockpit and prepared the vehicle for the next journey once more. The signal showed two red lights, I couldn't drive just yet. I sat there and stared at the signal, eagerly awaiting the moment it turned green. It's so funny how utterly elastic time seems to be; it was only a minute until I could start the return trip but it felt more like five minutes.

8:10 AM: At least the surroundings were beautiful. The tracks went through little groves, then through some fields and lush meadows, then little groves again, then past some lakefront properties with the water glistening in the background GOD DAMMIT I was trying to distract myself from my filling bladder, this was NOT helping. I shifted in my seat, maybe I had underestimated just how much fluids I had been taking in. Chewing on my lower lip, I tired to forget about my need to pee once more and instead focus even harder on the track and the job ahead. People were relying on me after all, they needed to go places and I was there to deliver this service! Reminding myself of this fact let my determination outgrow my desperation, and I went on.

8:40 AM: Over the last 30 minutes, my confidence had gotten a big boost. I was still on time, now at Pasing once again, and as soon as I'd reach Munich East, I'd have all the opportunity in the world to take a much needed leak because I was going to have almost a full hour of free time. I left the station, but after a few hundred metres, I recieved a red signal again and had to come to a stop again. When I then heard a familiar ring tone and saw that the dispatcher called me, my hope and optimism crumbled in an instant.

A train in front of me, right in the middle of the trunk line, was having an issue with a passenger and needed the paramedics. This also meant that for the forseeable future, not a single east bound train would be able to advance. We were stuck.

This was bad. This was really really bad. I felt a pang inside my bladder and squeezed my thighs. It had become increasingly difficult to ignore the pressing need in my lower abdomen, all that coffee and about half of the bottle of cola had made their way into my bladder and wanted to exit my body. I took a moment to get myself back under control, grabbed the microphone and announced to my passengers why we had stopped and what was happening, at first in German and then in English, I took my job seriously after all. As soon as the microphone was turned off again and I could hear a collective groan from the passengers inside the train, I grabbed my crotch and tried to be optimistic. If the paramedics were quick, maybe the traffic jam would lighten up and I'd be able to proceed in about half an hour.

Leaving the train wasn't an option. For one, there was nowhere to pee without being seen because I was surrounded by lots of other tracks, all of which were really busy as well, and apart from that, just climbing out of the train would have been illegal. Because of all the ongoing train traffic I would have first had to request the complete blockade of every neighbouring track in order to be allowed to step out, and for that I would have had to call the dispatcher and give him a reason for doing that. Not in a million years would I have risked my job or caused even more headache for even more people because I needed to pee.

The suburban train vehicles also didn't have toilets in them, so just going inside the train was impossible as well. Then again, even if there had been one, what if it would have been occupied? Plus the hundreds of eyes watching the f*cking train driver step out of his cabin and use the toilet, how humiliating! And what if the route ahead had cleared and I would have been able to advance while using the toilet? I would have caused even more delay for absolutely no important reason.

Holding it was the only option.

My mind was racing, torn between feeling nervous and wondering whether I'd be able to make it in time, laughing at the utter irony of me landing in such a situation as well as the arousal of a rapidly filling bladder without being able to empty it. Was I the only one in this whole train who needed to pee as bad as this? I was at 7.5/10 and inching closer to an 8/10, but surely I couldn't have been the sole person among several hundreds to be full of unreleased urine?

At least I was getting an erection. This helped with holding it - for now...

9:15 AM: The last thirty minutes had been agonizing. I was really bursting by now, shifting around in my seat constantly and using one hand to grab my crotch whenever I didn't need both hands on the instruments. Finally, f*cking finally, the dispatcher called again and said that the paramedics had arrived and taken the sick passenger with them, I'd soon be able to go ahead again.

I had begun to sweat a lot while also rocking back and forth in my seat. The pressure in my bladder was getting bigger by the second, the whole organ was rock hard and aching by now. Not helping was the fact that I was wearing my uniform, a light blue shirt tucked into my dark blue pants, secured by a black leather belt. I wanted so badly to open it and making it thus easier to hold, but something kept me from doing it. Not only did I consider myself being in public - even though I was on my own in the cabin and no one could technically see me - and opening the belt was indecent in public, I figured as well that I would get used to the belt being open, which would make holding in my pee so much harder once I had to fasten it again. Also my pants were too loose for my slim body and they would slowly slide down without the belt.

I was given a green signal, I could finally get closer to Munich East, closer to my break, closer to the toilet. Accelerating a train never had felt this sweet before, trust me! There was light at the end of the tunnel, so to speak, it would only be a matter of time now.

The excitement sent shivers down my spine and right into my bladder. It spasmed and I was just barely able to prevent a small leak from escaping. Oh god, having to focus on the tracks ahead AND my pressing need to pee was excruciating. I was sweating, shivering, squirming and slowly losing my mind, unable to decide whether I hated or loved this situation I was in. There was a serious risk of me having the first real accident in over twenty years, at work no less, this was exhilarating and terrifying at the same time.

Every station I was able to stop at felt like a milestone. I still had to stop numerous times between stations, right behind the train in front of me, so it took several minutes each time to count one station down on the long way to the toilet.

Laim...

Hirschgarten...

Donnersbergerbrücke...

Hackerbrücke...

I leaked.

Central Station...

I leaked again.

Karlsplatz...

Marienplatz...

A longer spurt this time.

Isartor...

Rosenheimer Platz...

Who on earth decided to make the colour scheme of the Rosenheimer Platz station yellow of all colours? Thankfully my dark blue pants didn't show any wet spots so far. My erection was long gone by this time, I was in severe pain and shaking from the pressure. All I wanted was the damn signal to turn green so I could make my way on to the final few hundred metres... please, just let me go!!!

I gasped as another leak left my dick, this time for a full second before I was able to cut it off again. No position was comfortable at this point, no matter how I sat, there was nothing but pressure, pain and pee.

Finally, green. Thank the heavens!

I had clearance all the way to Munich East which meant I was able to accelerate to the full 80 kph (~ 50 mph), not that it really mattered.

10:05 AM: With a delay of 65 minutes, I arrived at Munich East. The colleague waiting for me at the platform to take the train over looked a bit concerned at me when he entered the driver's cabin. We exchanged keys, I told him there was one faulty door on the train but nothing else, then made a beeline for the toilets.

Every step was pure pain. All the urine that sloshed around inside of me, I never felt so damn heavy like I did this moment. Down a flight of stairs, through the crowd and into the office building where the employees had their toilets.

I unzipped in front of a urinal and moaned incontrollably as I finally let loose and peed full force. For almost a minute and a half, the only noise in the bathroom was my pee hitting the porcelain, accompanied by some minor pants and moans I couldn't help but utter. Rarely had the mere act of peeing felt so orgasmic! Complete bliss, complete bliss.

The stream finally died down to a trickle, then stopped completely. I was still in awe and didn't realize it at first that I had stopped relieving myself, it took me a moment to catch up with reality. I put my dick back into my damp undies and zipped back up. This was the closest I had ever been to a genuine accident, and while I'm still drinking lots of coffee, I changed jobs where I can now take a bathroom break whenever I need one. Thinking back to this experience every once in a while is very fun, however, and it will always remain one of my many fond memories of my time as a train driver.

I hope you enjoyed the story Let me know what you think, this is the first time I'm writing down something like this. Hopefully I didn't bore you with too many details?

See you soon!

*003*2021-04-12 08:56

{{8 hours ago, segaface said:

That was really hot. Glad you made it okay in the end That was a really close call, wasn't it?

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you liked the story It really was a close call, I had never before leaked so many times! Especially the walk from the platform to the toilets in the end was painful! I couldn't stand up completely straight and had to walk a bit doubled over, and then I had to unlock two special doors with my Deutsche Bahn identity card. I had to try so hard not to be too frantic and to stop shaking for a moment, which wasn't easy at all

{{7 hours ago, astralis said:

Awesome story, very well-written – and I loved the contrasting colors in the post, excellent choice lol. Super hot especially at the very end when you described how heavy you felt as you got out of the cabin and made your way to the bathroom. Thanks for sharing!

}}

Thank you for your kind words, too! I'm glad the differing colours worked out in the end, I'm quite terrible when it comes to telling stories which involve this much detail and background information It was late at night when I created this post, so it's especially honouring that you found it well written :3

I'll be sharing more of my experiences soon, hopefully you'll be interested in them as well

*008*2021-04-12 19:32

Wow, I'm so flattered to read all these lovely comments!

{{6 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

I'm a fan of public transit and have fantasized about some of the hot young men who drive the trains, especially when I have noted that some routes have a turnaround without a change in drivers, or even a convenient opportunity for him to pee. If it's a long route with delays added, I'm sure that some drivers regret that last cup of coffee!

}}

Haha, we share the same interest for public transit

Long drives without any opportunity for quick and easy relief like I described are actually very common for train drivers over here in Germany. Additionally, because of the way suburban train networks work where there is usually less than ten minutes for turnaround, train stations often don't have bathroom facilities and most trains have to go through delay-prone bottlenecks - the central trunk line similar to the one in Munich is a popular pattern found in other cities like Frankfurt, Hamburg, Stuttgart and Hanover - full bladders are something many of my coworkers had to deal with as well. I talked with many of them about this issue in a joking fashion and got to hear some pretty similar stories

I myself never regretted drinking this much coffee, however I'm into omorashi after all, and I have to admit that it was absolutely worth the agony

{{6 hours ago, LizJWetting said:

Great story, and no I enjoyed the extra details. I have often wondered what train drivers, bus drivers etc. do when they really need to go during a shift. I guess the answer is they just have to hold it.

}}

Thank you so much

At least here in Munich, there are actually little toilet stalls built in some of the shelters on the bus and tram train network that drivers have special keys for. No such luck for the suburban and underground train drivers, however I'm convinced some carry an empty bottle with them or are even diapered up during long shifts, who knows?

{{3 hours ago, Mbgpeelover said:

I absolutely LOVED this so so much. The detail, the times, the way you describe everything...the orgasmic release...it’s by far now my favourite story on here.

I was brought up in a railway family. My grandfather spent his life working on the railways and my father followed in his footsteps. He was for many years a guard and then a rocket inspector and he told me a few stories of being absolutely desperate on shift and the train loos were out of order. He was a big tea drinker so probably had similar experiences to this on delayed trains.

As for the thought you weren’t the only one with a full bladder on the train...that’s a hot thought indeed!

Thank you so much for writing this!

}}

Help, I'm blushing, haha Thank you so so much for your comment, I'm really glad you enjoyed my story this much

Railway families are great, I wish I had been born into one I'm a huge public transit enthusiast and love designing my own virtual cities with their own intricate networks in my free time.

I remember one specific day during the time I was still an apprentice (is that a thing in the US, too? Over here, you have to learn being a train driver for three years). Me and another apprentice (who coincidentally also was gay as I later found out) were on shift with a "real" train driver, and our shift plan had us wait in a vehicle on the siding for 55 minutes. About half an hour into this long break, I remember the other apprentice saying that he was absolutely dying for a pee. Since the vehicles didn't have toilets at all, his only option was to hop out of the train and disappear in the forest right beside the spur. He was a bit more lucky than me, I guess

{{2 hours ago, Despguy123 said:

Amazing story, I could really feel your desperation and agony. The relief of finally getting to release your piss after waiting for so long must have felt incredible! I used to live just outside of London and would often find myself stuck on long train journeys home with a full and aching bladder after drinking in the city, and of course there were never any toilets on board. I'd be sitting there squirming and jiggling my legs while wondering how many others on board were feeling the same.

}}

Thank you as well! You bet the relief was absolutely breathtaking If it had been a cartoon, there would have been a heavenly choir singing in the background

I have similar experiences to yours: once, I was on an underground train after a night out. I was wearing a black pair of jeans and a soggy diaper beneath them which had already badly leaked because I was unable to stop the flow earlier. And I was already at bursting point again, trying to be subtle with my pee dance. That's a story for another day, however

Can't wait to finally be able to get into the night life again after this pandemic is over

*012*2021-04-24 22:19

{{On 4/12/2021 at 11:28 PM, Tellnoone said:

As a train worker myself, I apprechiate and can relate to your great story! I like the details too!

I haven´t had any close calls at work so far, since I don´t reallly get desperate if I don´t intend to. But when I´m bored at work and holding it a little bit for fun, knowing I´ll have no problems making it to my break, i sometimes have "what if" fantasies about what would happen if something screwed up, if we would have a delay, or would need to evacuate all the people or something, and having to stay focused with a bladder getting dangerously full. On the train you can never really be sure that everything will go as planned. But I also know from "research" on the walk home from work that my dark uniform pants hardly show any wetness, it´s like they´re made accidentproof. Did you ever pee your work pants on purpose to see what it looked like?

}}

A fellow train worker, helloooooow! :33

I've personally never wet my work pants on purpose, mainly for the reasion that I had... hm, I don't know how to put it really, I guess you could say respect for those clothes? Like... I sometimes really feel bad for my pants when I abuse them in this way, haha. And the thought to abuse a pair of pants that my company had had produced for them and shipped to me, the thought of ruining a piece of clothing that makes me recognizable and gives me a form of authority on the train or in the station, those thoughts prevented me from actually trying it.

Apart from that, they were a very dark navy blue and made of a soft fabric, so I think even if I had peed two litres into them, what the fabric wouldn't have soaked up would have hardly shown anyways.

{{On 4/14/2021 at 5:41 PM, BladderLad said:

Were you not tempted to use your bottle/coffee cup??

How wet were your undies??

}}

You bet I was tempted, but... my coffee cups were spread over various trash cans all over the greater Munich metropolitan area and my bottle of soda was still halfway full, meaning I would have had to drink at least 500 ml (about 17 oz) or throw it out of the window and that would have been too much of a waste for me.

My undies weren't too badly soaked thankfully but you could still tell some wetness had happened. Think someone sitting on a wet park bench or spilling something over himself.

{{5 hours ago, homeanddry said:

I'm a little bit late to the party, but I wanted to comment as it's a very familiar story for me! That was an excellent read, a really well written account of a really impressive struggle. We sometimes have a 3½ hour trip quite early in the morning and that's about enough for me (it's always worse in the morning!), especially when the trolley host is generous with the drinks that usually get brought up...!

}}

Better late than never, and believe me... as a train driver, I'm late more often than I'd like to, hahaha

Thanks for the kind words While I personally never had to commute for longer than half an hour, it can get pretty annoying all things considered, and I'm a public transit enthusiast no less. Sounds like you've had numerous close calls on your way to work so far? Do/did you drink more than you should on purpose or was it genuinely hard to hold it despite not having extra amounts of fluids? I'd love to hear more about that

*017*2021-04-24 22:52

{{9 minutes ago, homeanddry said:

I missed out the key bit of information, or at least made it too subtle. My commute to work (usually by car) is much shorter. The three hour trip is once I’m at work, doing the same as you’re doing!

}}

Oh god I feel so stupid now, haha What you wrote makes much more sense now as well!

{{3 minutes ago, homeanddry said:

(it’s not going to go without me, after all!)

}}

You heard that? It's not going to go until he went

I mean, yeah that's true and it would totally have been possible for me to stop my train somewhere in a station and hurry off to the side. I didn't do this for a multitude of reasons however, firstly because my dedication to the job was way too big for that, secondly to avoid having to justify a delay (everything greater than two minutes has to be given a reason for by the company and involves needing to pay a fine to the state - not fine at all), thirdly rush hour was about to begin and the commuters had to go places while I just plain had to go (haha Excuse my puns please) and fourthly, I was scheduled for the most important line of all - the airport line - that's frequented not only by normal commuters but also by tourists in great numbers. And fifthly, public indecency blah blah blah.

