My first true hold (Male)

Author: CannedCain

*000*2017-12-24 23:09

I'm a long time lurker (for several years now, actually), and have decided to actually get involved in the community here. I guess I'll start by sharing my first real holding experience, which just happened today.

I've experimented with (intentional) wetting in the past, but I've never done a lot of actual long holding. Every time I've tried, I've wimped out before any real struggle could begin. So today I decided to try one of jjpeewet's holding challenges that are in Omorashi General. I got off work and came home to an empty house (one roommate has gone to his parents' place for Christmas, the other was still at work). I stopped by the bathroom for a moment to pee first, thinking it was a good idea to start off empty already. Then I hopped into my bedroom and changed clothes. I put on a simple, white t-shirt, some comfortable shorts, and a pair of white panties. I don't dabble in cross-dressing much, but I do enjoy sleeping in women's underwear, which is why I happen to have some in my room.

I sat at my computer and opened the challenge. Of the two that jjpeewet chose to post in the OP for their thread, I chose the simpler one. Every time I was asked to drink a glass of water, I did so. Every time it told me to drink (without specifying water), I drank some cola instead. At first the challenge was rather boring. Like I said, I'd peed already before and I didn't really expect the challenge to already assume I had to pee a bit (it was already asking me to hold myself, spread my legs and try not to pee, etc). I ended up drinking enough water that I was starting to seriously consider cheating (for fear of water intoxication) by the time I started feeling the need to go. It didn't hit too hard at first but it was enough that I felt justified in choosing the option to continue to the later stages of the challenge.

As the scenario went on, my bladder rapidly filled, and I began regretting how cocky I'd been earlier in the challenge. Every task was actually a very uncomfortable affair. As the time limits got worse and the tasks got harder, my bladder continued to fill from all I'd drank earlier. Not too long ago I had been completely empty and content, and now I was starting to whimper and shake. The scenario kept going on and it was eventually becoming incredibly painful to the point where I couldn't stay seated, instead having to pace the room in between tasks. My shorts were already a bit wet from some spurts earlier in the challenge. Luckily, I had covered by computer chair in trash bags and spare blankets earlier, to protect from damage.

Eventually I was practically moaning in pain, hopping up and down while waiting for my current task to end. I knew at this point I couldn't go on much further. Even if I didn't lose control, the pain was becoming unbearable. Just as I was about to quit, the wait time between tasks ended and it gave me a "you won!" screen and allowed me to go to the toilet. I didn't want to go to the toilet at this point. Walking to the bathroom would have been unbearable. The moment I got this screen, I let it all out.

My penis was held firmly in place by the panties I was wearing, so the blissful warmth spread all around it and my crotch before spreading further around me. It was both unbelievably pleasurable and a bit painful (I think I overtaxed my kidneys. I'll have to be more careful if I do this again). It kept coming and I was afraid that the covers on the chair wouldn't save it, so I got up quickly, my stream temporarily subsiding. I was breathing heavily at this point, and couldn't stand very well. I stripped off all my clothes and dropped them to the floor. Without even thinking about it I found myself on all-fours peeing directly on this pile of wet clothes. I kept going on forever, moaning and shaking. I always imagined the bliss from peeing after such a hold, but could never truly have guessed that it'd be this great.

I finally ran out and laid back on the floor, taking in the experience. After a minute or so I got up and began cleaning. The floor was a bit bad because the pile of clothes had soaked through very thoroughly, but wasn't a difficult cleanup. My chair had apparently survived the ordeal unscathed. I ran to the bathroom and took a quick shower and found myself peeing even more once I was in there.

Here I am now, just completely in awe at the experience. Sorry if my writing is stiff, it all just happened and it's just still a lot to take in. I think I'll be more careful about over-hydrating next time (I'll probably start with a bladder that's already somewhat filled). Please feel free to give advice on what to do next time and how to stay safe! Thank you for reading!

