I pissed my self, wtf?

Author: trebledeath

*000*2016-12-08 21:55

Okay, so first off, I need to lay some ground work. I write no paint as a hobby, I work in it, and I'm still in school. My general day is from six thirty to five thirty I'm busy. Then from five thirty to eight thirty, I eat, relax and catch up on school work. I'm a dom in the sense of kinks.

And I'm also a plethora of physical and mental ailments. I take thirteen pills a day, fourteen on the weekends, yes I have a weekly pill, and I'm never feeling one hundred percent. I go to a doctor at least once every two months. Basically I have a shitty body, I look good as hell as long as I take the pills that prevent my skin from dying at an alarming, painful rate. Point being, I'm falling apart and I can barely go outside without dying.

Anyway, I took work off today because it's snowing, and I'm glad I did because I pissed myself. I don't know if it's because my extreme reaction to the caffein sofa I drank earlier, or because the possible incontinence from the psychogenic blackout thing I probably have.

I was driving back to my parents house after classes with a friend in the car. I dropped her off and continued home, all the while jiggling my leg, cause I had to piss. Just a bit earlier when I was getting ready to leave with her, I had almost no need, which I thought weird considering I usually go right after I get out of classes. Regardless, I decided t head home without using the restroom.

I didn't want to hold myself in front of her since like I said, I have a dominant personality, and I'm too prideful to be seen as anything but that. So I jiggled my leg until I got home. By then it was really bad.

I parked, abbey my bag and speed walked into the house, all the while still not holding myself since I was worried about neighbors.

As soon as I entered the house, I threw down my bag and grabbed my crotch, making a beeline to the restroom just by the enterence. It was futile. I already started leaking. It got bad enough to make a wet patch the size of a fist on my jeans. But I did manage to get most of it in the toilet.

Now im sitting in my room, wearing my last pair of clean pajama pants and thanking the high heavens I didn't have to wait until I got to work to try and relieve myself.

