Short train desperation sighting

Author: Travis Orman

*000*2021-09-16 18:44

A brief but noteworthy sighting happened to me on the train this morning. I've just returned from holiday in the UK countryside, and today travelled by train from the seaside town I was staying in to another town further in land to walk around and explore the area with a couple of old schoolfriends. The journey to the next town took about 20 minutes and got up to go to the toilet shortly after I boarded. We were travelling on a very new 5 carriage train which was going from the seaside town I was staying in all the way back to London, a journey of just under 90 minutes.

Having had a coffee about half an hour before catching the train, I had needed to go since perhaps 5 minutes before boarding but I wasn't too desperate. Still, thought I'd take the chance to whilst there was a toilet on board. On getting up to go, I followed the signs towards the toilet in the front carriage of the train, and I pressed the button to open the door, which was totally unresponsive. I tried unsuccessfully a couple more times before noticing that the lights around the buttons were off and the toilet was out of use. So I followed the signs to the next toilets in carriage 3.

When I arrived at the next toilets, I immediately clocked the engaged sign on the door, before noticing a petite, pretty brunette woman probably in her late 20s/early 30s standing next to the door. She was wearing a pair of black jeans and a white T shirt and seemed slightly fidgety, shifting her weight from foot to foot and tapping her fingers against the hand railings. She looked up at me and addressed me immediately. "Have you just come from the toilets down the end of the train, they're not closed are they?"

"I'm afraid so," I replied, "I've just come from there and had absolutely no luck with it, it looks to be closed."

"Oh God, I'm absolutely busting," she said, dancing from foot to foot and standing up very stiffly with her hands on her thighs. "I've been all the way up the other end of the train and I think this is the only one. I don't know if it's out of order or if someone's in it, but I've been here almost 10 minutes and it's said engaged the whole time," she continued.

"There might be someone in it?" I suggested.

"I really hope there is, I'm dying out here," she said. "I'll knock and have a look."

She knocked on the door, asking whether there was anyone inside and if they were all right. No reply came immediately, during which she stood up very rigidly and grimaced at me, before sitting down on a seat next to us and tapping her toes on the floor. Eventually, a muffled reply came from a man who was inside the toilet.

"I went before I left as well but I've been literally dying for a wee since I got on as I had a coffee just before, I've literally got a bladder the size of a peanut," she ventured.

"I know, I'm regretting my coffee as well now," I relied. "I'm getting off at the next stop at least though."

"Oooh l'm going all the way to London, so thank God they're not both closed as there's no way I'd make it," she said.

A few more minutes later and the man still hadn't emerged. I was starting to wonder whether I'd make it before my stop, especially with the woman being in front of me.

"I don't know what he's doing in there, I almost hope it isn't a number 2 just cos of the smell we'll have to deal with," she joked. "Maybe you can go first and investigate it."

"I guess you could always hold on till London if it's too bad?" I said.

"No there's absolutely no way I'd make it, I'm literally so desperate," she said, scissoring her legs. "Oooooo please hurry up," she added, screwing her face up and laughing.

Eventually the toilet became free and I gestured for her to go in. The door didn't close properly at first, and so she tried locking it a second time, hopping on the spot from foot to foot. On trying again, she locked the door, and I could hear her dance from foot to foot as she undid her button and sat down. She then let out an absolute torrent of pee before her stream steadied and lasted for about 20 seconds before becoming intermittent. Shortly after, she unlocked the door and came out into the carriage. "Oooh that's so much better," she announced, grinning at me and letting out a huge sigh of relief. "Now I can be calmer for the rest of my journey, I was dreading what would happen if I couldn't pee!"

I went to the toilet myself and came out a minute or two later. "Hope you're feeling better now too, have a lovely day!" she said as I emerged. I went back to sit with my friends back the train who wondered why I'd been so long. We went past her as we left the train shortly afterwards, and we exchanged a smile and a wave before I left.

