Wetting northshore pullup

Author: mysecretomo

*000*2020-09-30 15:36

So I’ve always been interested in trying diapers. But I still live at home so that would be a challenge. Now in the past I had other obstacles in the way preventing me from trying them, such as not being able to drove bc I don’t have a license yet, or not having my own money bc I don’t have a job, it’s not like I could have grabbed some diapers or pull-ups at the store and been like mom I wanna try these can you buy them for me. But now that I have my license, I have a job, and I have my own car, I’m now a bit more free to experiment more with diaper stuff.

So a couple months ago i was finally brave enough to actually order some diapers. I put so much thought into this and I came to the conclusion that I wanted to try and find the most absorbent pull up that I can find. It’s obviously a lot harder to hide diapers then it is to hide pull ups, one bc they are bulkier, noisier, and two, it’s so much harder to put on a diaper quickly in your room, car, bathroom stall, in public and other places then it is to slip on a pull up. I did some research and based on reviews north shores pull-ups were what I went with.

The first time tried them on was last night (9/29) after they sat un opened in my trunk for months. I just randomly decided I’m gonna go thru with it. So I smoked up to ease my anxiety and drove to a random parking lot, got in my backseat, unpacked the pull-ups ( I was surprised to find that there were courtesy wipes and courtesy boosters included in the package) And put them on! My plan wasn’t to have a full wetting and test their max, I just wanted to see how they fit bc I was worried about size, see if they’d be easy to hide while wearing, and maybe try their holding capacity.

My intended use with the pull-ups were for wearing to the movies so I can have some wetting fun there without destroying their seats, and to wear while at the store for some public wetting fun that’s also not gonna make a mess and isn’t obvious to others. But I didn’t want my first time trying them to a disappointment so I decided to do a test run to see if they’d work for what I wanted to use them for.

So in a parking lot I stripped my lower half and snuck on the pull-up. My in total thoughts were that it felt like it was a little low in the back and a little high in the front, as if I had them on backwards, but I had them on right I even checked the packaging, but that can be fixed my flipping them the other way I assume. My other thoughts were that with a pair of boxers I could hide these pretty much under any pair of clothing.

Now I was excited, I liked that they fit, and that they were reallly comfortable. I decided to try and pee in them. I could only get about a 3 second stream bc my intention wasn’t to fully wet them. I stayed there for about a half hour before ripping the side and slipping it off without taking off my pj pants. I folded it up and tightly as I could and disposed of it at a gas station trash can (I plastic bagged it) and went home.

The next day (today) I decide I wanna fully wet it, so I chug a bunch of water and about 45 mins later I’m bursting. My single bathroom was being used and I knew I wasn’t gonna last bc my Brian was really wanting me to use the pull up it’s like it decided for me that that’s where I was gonna pee and I needed to put it on now.

So I get in my car and as quickly as I can I grab a pull up from the trunk, slip off my pjs, and pull it on. And as I start pulling my pjs back on over my pull-up by bladder gives and I start uncontrollably wetting the pull-up. I’ve read reviews that it can’t take a full wetting bc it’s a pull up and is only meant to contain leaks through out the day. Keep in mind im in my back seat, I’m hunched over trying to direct some of the flow to the front to prevent and I can feel it puddling up. When I’m finished I sit back in the seat and try to feel if I leaked, when the pee was fully absorbed I felt around, nothing. Nothing on the seat or my pants. I couldn’t help but feel the pull-up. Ive since peed 2 more little pees since then and it hasn’t leaked. The last time I peed I’m it I laid on my stomach so I can wet the front of it. The pull up has held up. And I’m sure if I was to wear it for another hour and chug some water that the pull up could handle another half void.

I can’t wait to try them standing, and then at the movies!!

I definitely recommend them!

*001*2020-09-30 15:45

I wrote this post as I was still wearing it for the second time. So just now as I was about to take it off I sat on my knees In my back seat and I guess that change from seating position made it so I could pee more and I decided to let I out and it was about another quarter void and it took it just fine.

It is so absorbent, it does sag when it gets full but with some boxers and other supportive clothing it’s not a problem.

Ssorry if it’s hard to read I was typing what I wanted to say about this experience, it helped to calm me by writing it.

I definitely love this tho so much more convenient then actually wetting, and I wasn’t to keen on that anyway

But there’s something special about wetting the pull-up.

