Holding while shaving

Author: MindExplosion

*000*2012-04-15 12:32

Hello! Today I decided to try a new experience.

The whole evening i thought of an idea that it would be nice to hold, but then the explosion of mind happened to me )))

I have decided to shave my pubic hair.

Of course, not without holding to pee :)

I did it the first time and quickly found advices on Google. Also, there were listed the advantages of this decision and I was already sure exactly that I'll do this. I even found a video explanation on youtube and had a laugh about comments :D

I already wanted to pee back then and from time to time peed a little. I usually drink a large amount of fluids, but this night i drunk even more than usual.

I was desperate when i was finally ready and went to bathroom. I started from cutting my hair with scissors and there weren't a problem in this instance.

When they became short enough, i wet my pubis with a cool water, spread a shaving foam and started to work. I was standing near the bath, water was running and it caused the gain of urge. My bladder was quite bulging from my belly. It was sooo nice when I rubbed my bladder with foam on it ;) I even had a hard-on but it slipped when i started to shave(and thank god, arousal would be obstruct doing the task).

Because my razor isn't good enough i had often sweep and sweep again. It took large amount of time. The urge distracted me from shaving and it compelled me to pee a little just to ease the tension. For another thing I had to wash the foam from time to time and it just added fuel to the fire.

After I completed shaving I wiped my private parts with a towel and spread aftershave gel in my pubis. The feeling of that also was great :)

For the first time I did everything, for my humble opinion, well enough. Excepts one small cut and slight distraction on my testicles(which is passed away now, only a little itching remains). For the rest I've got almost smooth skin. A sensation of the bare skin on my pubis is very interesting, it's all brand new to me... and that's feels good!

I came out of bath and brewed a big cup of tea.

Because I lost a lot of time I've decided not to do my dirty games, just keep it holding until the end, letting things happen as they will. I was bursting; my bladder has started to become painful. And thereafter I made decision to hold it until 8 a.m. in my local time.

Here I have to make a small digression.

Point is that I have pretty extended bladder, thanks to school toilets and my experiments with holding and wetting. My sphincters are strong as well. Put another way, I can hold it for a long time. I have accidentally peed myself only a couple of times when my bladder was totally overstressed and I haven't a boner :) But more common to me is holding until my bladder starts feeling an ache, then usually I pee myself intentionally.

When I made my decision, I have started continued looking at clock and counting every minute. Both the tension and pain were such strong that I suggested there's about two liters in me in that time. I started whispering "i want to pee, pee, pee!..." and my urge and arousal was increased. I even had a little trickle when suddenly there was an acute pain. Then I realized that i could damage my body and my feelings roused a paranoia and a stupid phobia about rupture of the bladder. Despite of that i continued holding and looking at the clock. There was a feeling that I will not hold it and I'll pee myself soon. Five minutes, four, when it will be already eight o'clock?..

Somehow, I held it until it's time. When it was 8 a.m., I felt that I could hold it longer, at least 10-15 mins. I have decided that I won't do a pee until 8.10.

Then suddenly, when i was trying to watch a video, my PC hanged up.

While PC is rebooted it took another couple of minutes, and again I did not know how to control myself! I tried to stand up and walk, but it all was the same - sitting, staying or walking made me suffer. The time was slowly coming to 8.10, and i turned on track Bic Runga - Sway. I honestly waited until it's time, even hold it longer for a 20 sec, then i took a glass and went to the bathroom. The result has disappointed me a little - just few more then 1.5 liters, same as at last measuring. My record was 1.7 L, and i suggested after that my maximum capacity is even more, about 2 L or so. After peeing i felt such a relief that it discharged all lust.

Anyway, it was a new experience and it was fun! And I have made my conclusions for further trials :)

P.S. Sorry for the bad language.

*002*2012-04-16 02:07

Oh, I was too glad a day before the fair. Things are not as smooth as they seemed.

Now skin are itching and there is a rash on my pubis :(

Google says that this is common reaction to shaving, now I'm trying to find some info how I can fix it.

