Roommates Mom's Friend

Author: bobwells55

*000*2018-03-12 14:54

(Contains sex acts)

When I was in college, every year we would have a parents weekend where all the students parents came down and got drunk and hit the bars with their sons and daughters. This particular year, my roommates mom said that she was bringing her friend Julie. I had met Julie before and let me tell you, even at 41, she was still hot. You could tell she had kept up to stay in shape and take care of herself. Julie was a recently divorced mother of 3. Why anyone would divorce her was beyond me. She was about 5 foot 2. She had long black hair and a very nice pair of boobs, at least double D's.

Fast forward to that night, and we were in my apartment, playing beer pong and taking shots before the bars. I could tell that Julie, fresh out of her marriage, was on the prowl that night and I wanted to be the lucky man. She was wearing a black shirt that showed off lots of cleavage and a tight pair of tan capri pants. She was all dolled up and looking to score. She looked amazing. We started chatting and hit it off pretty quickly as we continued to drink. Soon after, it was time to head to the bar. We all crammed in a taxi

"I'm going to sit on your lap" Julie told me as she crawled in the cab. It took everything I hide my erection.

"Be my guest" I told her, trying not to sound too excited.

"First thing I have to do when we get to the bar is pee!" she told me as we got closer.

We arrived at the bar and Julie went off to pee. She was gone about 10 minutes, then she came back and found me.

"Wow, that was a close one!" She told me, hinting that the long line had almost caused her to have an accident. "Lets do shots!"

We made our way to the bar and took a few shots. Then we continued our chat. As the night grew on, the alcohol was flowing, and Julie and I were hitting it off. We then started to make out and I knew that was the sign.

"Lets get out of here" I told her. "We'll go back to my place and have some fun." Julie agreed and away we went to flag down a taxi. As we stood there waiting for our cab, Julie was noticeably desperate. Hoping from foot to foot and squeezing herself.

"I should have peed before we left" Julie realized out loud.

"Do you want to go back in?" I offered, hoping she'd refuse.

"No" Julie said "I'm going to try and hold it."

We got in the cab and I gave the driver my address. The GPS on the dash read 12 minutes to the destination.

"12 minutes" I told Julie. "You gonna be alright?"

"I guess we will find out" Julie said as she grabbed her crotch.

After we had been driving for about 5-6 minutes, I leaned over and started making out with Julie again, I just couldn't contain my excitement for her any longer. But or make out didn't last as long as I had hoped. Julie pulled back. The worried look on her face was starting to set in.

"This is really bad. I gotta go!!" She said.

"I haven't had to go this bad since I pissed my pants at work a few years ago." Julie was a school teacher. Naturally, I was curious.

"What happened then?" I asked her

"We were in class and I had been drinking coffee all morning. I started to have to go at the beginning of class but I couldn't find anyone to watch my class while I went pee. I had gotten caught up on the phone in between. So we were in class and I was really struggling. I gave the students a reading assignment so I could sit at my desk and cross my legs." She said laughing.

"Then what happened?" I asked.

"I made it to the end of class, barely. But when you've had 3 kids like me, those last few minutes can be the most difficult. As soon as the bell rang I booked it to the teachers bathroom. I could feel myself starting to leak." She said.

"Then by the time I got to the bathroom, I knew my accident was starting to show. I opened the bathroom door and the flood gates just opened!" She said laughing as she made a motion with her hands to simulate what happened.

"I was horrified. I completely pissed my pants right there in the teachers lounge. I had to explain to my boss what had happened so he could get someone to cover my class while I went home and changed."

I was speechless, all I could muster up was to say "Wow. That sucks"

"Yeah, and that wasn't the first time either. If we don't hurry up, it's gonna happen again."

We arrived at my place and as I paid the taxi driver, Julie was doubled over, holding herself.

"Hurry up!" She said.

I paid the man and we began walking up the walkway to my door when suddenly, Julie stopped.

"Uh oh..." She said. "I'm leaking... its coming out." She grabbed her crotch and tried to hurry up the steps but it was no use. She froze and the small wet spot on her ass expanded, pooling around her as and crotch and running down her legs. I remember that the left pant leg was more soaked then the right. The wet spot on the left ran all the way down the insides and back of her sexy capris and formed a puddle on the ground.

"Fuck, I literally just fucking pissed my pants!" Julie said. "I told you this was going to happen! Especially given how drunk we are"

I didn't respond, I just grabbed her and we started making out again. We made out way upstairs and into my room. I laid on the bed as I watched her get undressed, revealing her huge tits to me as she took her shirt off. She wasn't wearing a bra. Then she slowly took off her pants and threw them on the floor. She was wearing orange booty shorts as panties, and they were thoroughly wet. When she took those off, I half expected her to be ungroomed, give her age and what the style was when she was my age, but to my surprise, and delight, she was fully shaved. Not a stitch of hair to be found anywhere. She crawled on top of me and we had some of the best sex either one of us had had. After we were done, we kept drinking. Julie had changed into a pair of red shorts and had on only her bra. It wasn't long until we fell asleep in each.

I woke up the next morning to an odd smell. Julie was laying right against me with her ass facing out and her head on my chest and topless. I lifted the sheets, and sure enough, my suspicion was correct. The red shorts Julie was wearing, and her side of the bed were soaking wet, but I was completely dry.

"Julie, hey wake up" I nudged her awake "I think you peed the bed." Julie put her hand down to feel her crotch and the bed around her.

"Oh fuck, are you serious?" she stated as she got up and out of bed. The visual of this sexy cougar standing there topless, with wet pants once again was really something to see.

"I'm running out of pants" Julie said as she slipped her shorts off to once again be butt naked in front of me. "I'm going to need to wear a diaper next year!" She said, only half kidding.

I stood up and kissed her.

"I'll run you a shower" I told her. As Julie showered, I changed the sheets. I walked into the bathroom as she was drying her naked, hairless body.

"Since I feel bad that I pissed your bed, I'm going to cook you breakfast naked" She told me and then kissed me on the cheek. We ate and then by that time everyone had woken up.

"Anything interesting happen last night?" My friends mom asked

"Well, I peed the bed" Julie said without hesitation as they both started to laugh. After we ate, it was unfortunately time for them to leave.

"I put my number in your phone" Julie said as she was leaving. "Next time youre home, get a hold of me"

*004*2018-03-12 20:40

{{1 hour ago, WetDave said:

Did you ever see her again?

}}

Yes but nothing much of interest happened. She has settled down into the dating world now after her divorce

*005*2018-03-16 20:40

Since this story was so popular, I decided yesterday to text Julie and try and get another story out of her, and she did not disappoint. She is a very fun and outgoing person who loves to laugh and laugh at herself, so it wasn't too difficult. I will post now for you what our texts looked like

Me- Hey! long time no see!! I was talking about you the other day....

Julie- Hey! About me? I'm flattered (Heart emoji)

Me- Yeah, about when you came to visit us at school last year

Julie- Lol when I peed myself on your porch?

Me- Lol mostly about how cool you were but yeah that came up

Julie- I wet myself all the time. No shame!!! Ok maybe a little shame lol

Me- Seriously?

Julie- Oh yeah haha. I wet my pants just a few days ago with all my girlfriends!

Me- lol why?

Julie- Tilly (my roommates mom) made me laugh too hard!! haha It was a big one too. I had to try and dry my pants off best I could with the hand dryer in the girls room!

Me- Lol maybe you were right! You should wear diapers when you drink!

Julie- Oh that's minor compared to some of the accidents I've had. Did Jill (Her daughter) tell you about the time we both did??

Now, let me tell you about Jill, Julies daughter. We had mutual friends so I knew her a little bit but not super well. Jill was an absolute knockout! She got some great genes from her mom. She was a track runner in college. She was about her moms size, around 5'2". She had curly blond hair that came down just past her shoulders. She had tan skin and hazel eyes. She didn't have as big of boobs as her Julie butt they were about the perfect size. Very perky and fit on her body perfectly. She also had about as perfect of legs and ass as you will find. She made all the guys look twice at her. So needless to say, I was very excited to hear this story.

Me- No she didn't! When was this?

Julie- Over the summer.

Me- What happened?

Julie- I was out drinking with Jill (21 years old. Julie's middle child) and Amy (23. Julies oldest. Good looking. Not as hot as her mom or sister though.) I hadn't been out with both my girls for a while and we were all drinking liquor. I was wearing a pair of white capris, kinda like the ones I had one the night with you! haha. Jill was wearing tan shorts. After we had been drinking for a while, we decided it was time to leave, but here's the thing, we had to walk home!

Me- Uh oh! You have trouble holding on when you get a ride!

Julie- I know! So you can imagine. We started walking and we all realized we had to pee! Very badly! We had been laughing and carrying on and getting so drunk, we all forgot to use the bathroom before we left! We still had a long walk but we all decided we would stop at the restaurant a few blocks ahead of us.

Me- Who was in the worst shape?

Julie- Oh, me for sure. I knew I had already leaked a little bit into my panties hahah. Which is why before we could make it to the restaurant, I told the girls "I've gotta go! I gotta squat right here and go!

Me- Lol interesting...

Julie- It gets much more crazy. I squat down to pee and just as I'm getting ready to release, Amy yells "Mom a car! a car is coming!" So I yanked my pants and undies back up.... but I forgot to tell my bladder that

Me- Oh my gosh lol

Julie- I was so close to relief that my bladder must have just said "Fuck it, I give up!" As the car drove past I stood there and sighed in relief as I just completely pissed myself AGAIN! My pants were so soaked you could almost see through them!

Me- So where does Jill come in?

Julie- When she saw me start pissing she started cracking up!! She kept laugh and laugh and then...... all off a sudden she grabbed herself and her cute little tan shorts that I had just bought for her got darker and darker and darker. She was like "I'm peeing too! I'm peeing too!"

Me- Lol like mother like daughter!

Julie- Yeah, Amy made it to the store pretty easy. Jill and I stood outside in our wet pants laughing while Amy went inside. Amy was like "My god, I'm embarrassed to be related to you two sometimes"

Me- So Jill is a wetter too huh?

Julie- Oh yeah. She gets it from her mother.

Me- I miss Jill. Shes a fun time!

Julie- Text her!! She is going out tomorrow and I know she'd love to see you! I'm sure she can tell you some good stories too!

Me- Is she single?

Julie- Yep!!! I'm going to tell her you will be getting ahold of her so you better text her mister!! She's a good girl!

Me- I will shoot her a text!

I am supposed to be meeting Jill out at the bars tomorrow. Maybe she will elaborate further on this story and others. Maybe if I am lucky, I will get to take her home too! IF I'm lucky. Every guy in the world will be after her lol. I will keep you updated!

*007*2018-03-16 22:50

Yes I would very much like to hear Jill's side of that story

*008*2018-04-11 12:03

So the other day I decided I write a story based on what Julie told me about the time she wet at work a few years ago. This is a fictionalization of a true event. It’s how I imagined the situation playing out as she described it to me and the details I was given. Enjoy

Julie was 38, but sh could have passed for 28. Even nearing 40 and after 3 kids, she was still a knock out. She had a beautiful face with a welcoming smile. Black hair that flowed down past her shoulders a big double d knockers with an ass that made you look twice. Julie was a school teacher. Teaching 3rd grade at the local elementary school. Today she was wearing a sexy tight white turtleneck sweater that showed off her boobs and sexy tight tan pants. Underneath, she wore a little yellow thong, as to not show panty lines through her tight pants. Julie’s students loved her. The younger ones she taught adored her for her bubbly personality and the older male students in the building in middle and high school adored her for her looks. Julie loved her job too, but today there was just one problem. She had to pee BAD!

The morning had started out like any other, Julie downed about 3 cups of her morning coffee to perk her up for the day. But the coffee had made her thirsty too. So after her first class, Julie got a large bottle of water out of the vending machine She practically chugged it. Half way through the class, Julie had finished and after the bell rang, went to the drinking fountain for a refill and downed that quickly as well. But half way through the period. The need hit her. And it hit her immediately. As if every ounce of liquid she had drank had reached her bladder at the same time. Julie gave her kids a silent reading assignment and went back to her desk. She texted her two best friends at work. Leah, the 8th grade math teacher and Rebecca, a high school English teacher.

“Can one of you come watch my class for like 5 minutes do I can go to the bathroom?” Julie begged. It was policy that the younger classrooms could not be left unattended.

“Sorry girl, my kids are taking a test” Leah replied.

“I would!” Responded Rebecca “but I’m waiting on a phone call from a parent”

“Fuck!” Was all Julie could reply.

After the bell rang, Julie sighed and began to head to the bathroom. But then, one of the teachers stopped her in the hallway to ask a question. Julie didn’t even hear what he was saying. All her focus was on trying to hold her Pee in. Then, to Julie’s dismay, the bell for 4th period rang.

“Oh shit” Julie said as she shuffled back into the class

“Alrighty kids” Julie said in a strained voice. “Turn to page 45 and read that short story”

Julie then returned to her desk. She crossed her legs and squeezed her crotch. Trying anything to hold it. Halfway through class Julie had tears in her eyes. She was amazed she hadn’t leaked yet and was worried if she was going to make it through class without an accident.

“Guys this is terrible” she texted her teacher friends “like I’m about to pee myself at my desk!”

“You haven’t gone yet?” Leah asked

“No. Fucking Lee stopped me in the hall and talked my ear off all break”

Julie had never had to go like this. Not when she was sober. Yeah, there had been a hand full of times, mostly in college, and occasionally as she got older, when she’d wake up the morning after drinking to a wet pair off pants on her floor. But only when she was really super drunk. There hand been the occasional wetting from laughing too hard throughout her life, especially after child birth. Then of course she had several leaks and wettings during pregnancy, but Julie didn’t count those. Nothing like this. She clenched her teeth. With one free had, she checked her watch, 15 minutes left in class.

“Hurry up damn it” Julie thought to herself.

After another torturous ten minutes, Julie thought, maybe she could hold it. But then, she did something involuntary... she coughed. Right away her eyes widened in a look of panic as she felt a spurt of pee, followed by a few dribbles, leak into her thong. Now she was really in trouble. She tapped her foot, crossed her legs, squeezed herself and somehow mad it through the last 5 minutes. Then the bell mercifully rang. Julie stood up to stand by the door to see her students on their way to the next class. Something she always did. As she stood there, she felt another spurt into her thong and the dribbles that followed. Doing everything she could to keep smiling and not panic, she looked down. A little spot was showing in the very back of her crotch by her butt. Julie couldn’t wait any longer. She was about to lose it. Julie ran as fast as she could while still maintaining control to the teachers lounge bathroom. 

As she got closer, she could feel a bead running down her leg, then, as she was nearly to the bathroom, the floodgates opened. Julie just couldn’t hold it anymore as her bladder, full to the brim, emptied into her sexy tight tan pants. It flowed up the back of her ass and all the way down both of her legs. The stain completely covered her right pant leg all the way around and on the left side, starting skinnier and widening as it traveled down her leg. Her ass was soaked. She could feel the warm piss flood out of her thong and onto her buttcheeks. The front of her pants, by her pussy, also gave away a tell tale sign. Julie could do nothing but sigh in relief and curse under her breath

“Fuck” she said as her stream trickled to a stop.

Julie walked with her legs slightly spread into the bathroom. She grabbed some paper towels and put them over her puddle on the floor. But now what? She couldn’t go back to class like this!! She only had one option. Julie waddled her way into her bosses office

“Ummm Mr. Anderson?” She said, poking her head in shyly

“Yeah Jules, what’s up?”

“You’re going to have to get someone to cover my next period. I have to go home because I, uh,” she paused with embarrassment, then stepped fully into her bosses office, revealing her large pee stain. “Well I um, wet my pants....”

Her boss looked shocked. Julie decided to make light of her awful situation

“Cut me some slack, I’ve had 3 kids!!”

Her boss snapped out of his shock of seeing this beautiful, gorgeous woman standing in front of him in wet pants.

“Absolutely Jules. We will get someone, don’t worry. Go get yourself cleaned up.”

“Thanks” Julie said, as she waddled out the back door to her car.

“This is so embarrassing. I fucking made a mess” Julie said as she reached her car.

“I’m not sitting in my car like this” she stated.

Looking around and realizing no one else was around, Julie unbuttoned her soaked pants and peeled them off. Then looked down at her thong, which was half way up her ass and throughly drenched. She removed that, revealing her sexy, smooth, bald pussy. She through her pants and pants in the trunk and sat in her car bottomless.

“Wait until Leah and Becky here about this one. I’ll never hear the end of it” she stated to herself as she drove off towards her home to shower and change.

