True story about desperate gf unwanted wetting in public

Author: snoopdaddy

*000*2016-04-06 21:51

This is about an experience I witnessed with a girl I used to date. We'll call her Claire (not her real name). This is a long story but is 100% true. I tried to help her but I will have to admit that the entire situation was so perfect I could barely believe it was happening.

So Claire and I went to a seated show at a small venue in town. The air conditioning for the venue had unexpectedly quit so it was crazy hot inside from all the people and equipment inside and the owners provided free water bottles to appease everyone. It was cold outside and Claire was wearing a thick long-sleeves shirt and long pants. With no layers to take off, was burning up and downed an entire bottle before the performance even started.

She finished another bottle within the next 30 minutes or so and soon started fidgeting in her seat and looking around for a bathroom. I asked what was wrong and she replied that she needed to pee but this was a really small space with a lot of tables and people and there was literally no room to get up without having an entire row of people stand to let her out. I told her multiple times to just go but being a very timid person, she decided to hold it. As the show went on she squirmed more and more in her seat, crossing and uncrossing her legs over and over all the while absent-mindedly continuing to sip on her third bottle of water.

At some point toward the end of the show, she turned to me and said very seriously that she needed to pee once everyone started leaving. At this point she was squirming horribly and holding herself with her hand to keep from peeing in the seat. Finally the band was finished and everyone rose to start clapping, forcing her to remove her hand from her crotch. After a few seconds of clapping she suddenly buckled at the knees with her thighs pressed together and her hand shot between her legs. I asked what was wrong and she turned bright red with her eyes closed, looking as if she was about to burst into her pants and was desperately trying to regain control. She also started to complain that her foot was hurting, but neither of us thought anything of it.

The audience clapped for awhile and then the lead singer spoke for what must have felt like forever for her. At this point she was rubbing her thighs together with the most desperation I have ever seen in real life and starting to sound like she might cry. Finally people started to move out but once we stood up, Claire yelled a little. Her foot was actually hurt. To this day I'm not positive why, I'm guessing it was her shoes, but in the time we were seated at the show her foot became super swollen and she couldn't even put weight on it.

So now we were walking out in the slowest crowd ever, Claire struggling not to piss herself and limping something terrible. We finally arrived at the bathroom but there was one for the entire venue and of course it was full and with a line out the door. Claire doubled over again and started rubbing her crotch, starting to shake from how close she was to exploding. There was an Indian place across the street that we had eaten at just before the show and she said she could pee there, so we left.

It takes forever to get down the stairs and out of the actual venue but finally we are on the street. Claire starts hobbling as fast as she can toward the Indian place which appeared to still be open. We arrived at the door and just as she grabbed the handle I think she suffered the feeling we all know when you need to pee and just as you get your keys out to open your front door, your bladder gets ahead of itself and starts to just let it out. She also found when she pulled that the door was locked. She was buckled at the knees again with one hand on the door handle and one hand between her legs, shaking violently and starting to cry. Claire was not the type of person who would be able to wet herself and laugh it off.

Finally, frustrated and having gained back some control over her bladder, she says she just wants to go back to the car and drive home. But her foot's really swollen and she's limping and holding her crotch with her hand desperately, even though people were all around. She was half crying the whole way, saying that she couldn't pee herself here, she couldn't pee herself in front of all these people.

We were almost to the car when she doubled over with both hands between her legs, bouncing up and down desperately and full-on crying now. She started to say over and over "it's coming out, oh god it's coming out, oh god" and I told her to just pee in the bushes nearby. Finally she was desperate enough to take my advice. We were still in a populated area right next to a parking lot and could see maybe 10 people from where we were but nobody could see her crouched behind the bushes.

She started to take her pants off but fumbled with the button and her bladder started to just let go. She buckled at the knees again, still crying and rubbing her crotch hard with her hand now. Her face was bright red and I knew she was humiliated by me seeing this. She finally got her pants unbuttoned and used her free hand to pull them down as far as she could but couldn't take her other hand off her crotch without exploding. She was rubbing her crotch furiously, obviously seconds away from losing it, whimpering and crying and bending at the knees. She started saying "please no, please no, please no" over and over again, getting increasingly desperate and crying more, until finally it just started coming out. Panic filled her face and she desperate tried to pull her pants down as fast as possible but once she removed her hand from her crotch it just started gushing out. She had soaked her pants and was now crying and soaking her legs and shoes.

She crouched down, trying to not pee on her pants more, crying as she just kept peeing and peeing. The gushing slowed down and we both thought it'd be over soon but then she just kept peeing. We started to hear voices approaching us and she said "oh god, please no, please no" but the pee just kept coming out. I could see the people approaching close enough to be able to see her and told her. She started crying again and repeated "I can't stop it, I can't stop it" and then it was too late. A group of five people passed by us and, to her horror, were getting in a car facing us less than 5 feet away. She continued to pee and pee for what seemed like an impossible amount of time while the people got into their car and then drove away. Finally, she stopped peeing.

