Is this a sign?

Author: Vaporbender

*000*2011-04-20 18:28

So earlier, one of my teachers decided to ban people using the bathroom unless they had (what I believe was) a doctor's note or something of the sort. Usually, there will be a long line for people to use the bathroom in that class, and I've seen people pretty desperate in there a few times. Although there's not much time left in the school year, could this be a sign that I'll get to see a wetting firsthand?

*003*2011-04-21 18:55

{{ 

To answer your question, yes, it's more possible now. However I feel I must give my opinion on this, I don't think the teachers have that right or even the authority to decide that. If they're so worried about students doing things they shouldn't be doing, than why not bring in hall monitors? I don't think it's right for them to not allow them.

}}

I strongly respect and agree with that opinion. They honestly should have hall monitors on patrol in all areas of the school, but for some reason, they don't. The teachers believe that students who spend their time talking to their friends before class could use the bathroom during that time.

*005*2011-04-22 19:35

{{ 

I think some people call such rulings about the banning of toilet usage during lessons the 'Doomsday Rule', basically because inevitably, someone will not be able to hold it due to whatever reasons (Running late, weak bladder, didn't need to go beforehand, etc), and only then, will the ban be removed, or brought under review. That isn't even certain, multiple cases might occur before people review it.

Chances of seeing a wetting? Yeah, that'll increase most certainly, could happen to anyone though, not certain who, might be you, or your friend, or anyone who isn't able to just flash a doctor's note and leave.

Don't take this as a lecture or me being a stick-in-the-mud, I enjoy seeing wettings as well, but I've had my fair share of not being allowed to use the toilet because the teacher said no, and it sucked, big time, luckily for everyone noone had any accidents.

It's all well and good if you see one, yeah it's exciting, and arousing, and you'll enjoy it, but what about them? Knowing people in schools, they'll be bullied, picked on, etc etc etc, all because they wet themselves >.>

}}

Don't worry, I don't take this as a lecture or you being a stick-in-the-mud at all. It's not that I want to see people humiliated (because let's face it, people in this age group tend to take twisted joy out of bullying others), it's that I want to see a real-life wetting firsthand (which I haven't so far).

