Dance Floor [M]

Author: Almost made it

*000*2019-01-03 05:28

It was saturday night and I was at a club with a date.. well had been. After connecting online with a girl via a dating app, we decided to hit up the latest hot spot that just opened downtown in the city. We had some appetizers and drinks at a nearby pub for pregame and then left for the club. The date wasn’t all that exciting, as we seemed to have quite a few differences of opinion on the usual small-talk bullshit. Regardless, I wasn’t all that dissappointed though, so we broke it off early and I called a cab for her after a couple more drinks and a little dancing.

I wasn’t exactly ready to head home yet though. The club was just catching it’s groove, so I figured I’d linger a little while longer to see what the back-half of the night had in store. I was polishing off quite a few beers with some shots thrown into the mix, so you can imagine I was feeling pretty good. With the beers and pregame drinks, I also realized I had to pee pretty badly as it had been a couple hours since I took a leak before we left for the pub. A quick pinch to my johnson and I started to head off to the restroom.

While turning around the corner, I bumped into a good looking brunette girl with green eyes, probably around 30 years old or so.. nice booty in a skirt paired with ample tits that would make any straight man drool.

“Fuck” I mumbled under my breath, not feeling like causing a confrontation with some potential nutjob boyfriend. Luckily, no boyfriend, just Karen as she introduced herself as. We made some small talk, I cracked a couple jokes and suddenly that trip to the bathroom ended up back at the bar buying a round of shots. Pretty tipsy, I asked her if she wanted to dance and she obliged, leading me to the large dance floor. I remembered about my need to piss now as my bladder became increasingly full. Not willing to take any chances (this girl was hot), I kept waiting, busting some dance moves for another half hour or so with her while being careful not to bust a leak.

I was bursting at this point, just about to put our dancing on pause for the toilets when Karen’s friends show up. “There you are!” as one of her friends, a curvy and chubby latina with a beautiful face, exclaimed. “We were wondering where you went Karen, who’s this?”, the other friend, a taller black girl with curly hair - yet another dime - asked next to the Latina. Despite the eye candy, I was nearly bursting at this point.. having waited far longer than I should have and now feeling discomfort. I wasn’t sure I could make it another song at this point. Karen then apologized, having to go home as she had work the next morning. Her friends went to the coat check for their jackets and Karen and I exchanged numbers for next time. I wasn’t mad that she had to leave however, as I was practically pushing her out just so I could run to the toilets! Luckily with the music I could keep a constant fidget/pee dance without looking completely like it.

As I said my final goodbye to Karen, I asked myself how the hell I was going to make it all the way to the bathrooms without pissing myself. The urge was unbearable at this point and as she leaned in to hug me goodbye, that was it... not just dancing with her, but that was all my bladder could take as piss started spurting out uncontrollably in my boxer briefs... WHILE WE WERE HUGGING! Fuck I’m a deadman I thought as she leaned away i could feel a wetspot forming and trickles flowing down my legs to my socks.

I didn’t dare look down and I wasn’t sure if she could tell I was completely soaking my pants on the dance floor. She turned around to leave and I let out a huge sigh, as the full force floodgates opened. Here I was standing right in the dance floor, peeing my pants. In front of everyone! My pants were blue, but even in the dark I could see my entire front side was gleaming wet. I grabbed my dick through my pants to try and stop the flow... I slowed it down and was able to stop, but this was a major mistake as I was still over halfway full and desperate.

With a devilish thought, and in a state of half bliss from the extreme embarrassment of pissing my pants at a club, I decided to have a little more fun. I moved towards the middle of the dance floor where it was busier, leaving behind a massive puddle I was almost sure would make someone slip (sorry!). Locking eyes with a hot redheat, I moved closer to get a better read. Some guy turned around to her, so I guessed she was taken (didn’t want attention with soaking pants and I still had to physically hold on to my penis to not start wetting again.

A little bit further away, I noticed a heavier, white BBW girl (Jackie) moving to the beat, with I’m guessing her friend (girl) and the friends man grinding intimately a few meters away, but not paying any attn to the world. Jackie was a full figured women, huge tits, big booty, and a bit of cushion in the middle.

Now’s my chance. I moved closer and said hi, trying my best to position myself so she couldn’t see that I’ve already pissed myself (it was crowded so you’d have to look down). I asked if she wanted to dance and she said yes. I literally couldn’t hold it any longer at this point as the flood came pouring down... again. I just kept peeing and peeing, everything was soaked and a puddle was now under the both of us. She started grinding into me while I was still flowing, I was frantically wondering when it’d taper off! As I drained every bit of liquid courage I had accumulated that night, I was feeling every emotion. Embarrassment, humiliation, excitement, lust. What is this girl going to think as she’s grinding on some dude who is literally pissing himself.

Her soft butt pushed harder into my soaked crotch as my flow finally weakened to spurts again. Blood had filled my cock and my erection was straining against Jackies dress covered ass. She now had a wetpatch on her ass from my pee, and turned around to look at me. Taking a full stare at me up and down - wet pants, legs soaked, shoes squishing, and now stepping out of the puddle I just made.. “Did you piss your pants”? I was about to nod sheepishly and get the fk out of there, before she cut me off. “Let’s go back to my place, I’ve been bursting for a piss all night also!”

I couldn’t believe what I’d heard, and wasn’t sure if I had actually passed out from drinking and was dreaming now. No, I wasnt. Before I could say yes, she unzipped my fly, reached her hand in my pissed in pants to feel my boner that was surrounded by saturated cotten boxer briefs.

”Let’s go” I said as we made our way out the club. I got quite a few looks from my desperate accident, luckily I didnt notice anyone I knew! Needless to say, Jackie didn’t make it home in time, but I’ll save that story for next time :-). Let me know wat you all think and sorry for long story.

*003*2019-01-04 01:10

{{6 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

In some ways the description of your desperation was hot, however think that the way you describe women generally is quite degrading and don’t think inflicting your wetting on other people in a public place is that cool

}}

Thanks for your feedback Wombat, didn’t intend to convey any degradation in my descriptions.. may just have had dirty thoughts in my head while writing, my apologies. No disrespect to our wonderful ladies.

*008*2019-01-05 04:11

Ask and you shall recieve. I appreciate the interest!! Part 2 more [F] based, let me know wat ya’ll think.

It wasn’t cold, but a brisk late night in early summer. The cool wind blowing against my freshly wet pants sent not only a brief chill to my spine, but a lucidness to my mind and current predicament. Jackie said she only lived a mile away, so we decided to walk back to her place and chat outside the loud music of the club. Jackie was the type of woman that exuded confidence. Probably some high level fortune 500 manager I imagined (didn’t ask/discuss, work wasn’t on either of our minds. She could joke, she could laugh, and she had an interesting opinion to even the most mundane topics. 

Being thick and curvy, Jackie carried it stunningly well with a stylish attire including a tight skirt and heels to match. What was most evident, however, was she wasn’t lying at the club. Jackie had to pee! Just talking with her on our walk, she was bouncing and swaying from side to side, not making any effort to conceal her need to relieve herself. Her hands darted to her crotch every so often, giving a brief squeeze for reassurance. I was in heaven. My pants were still wet. And my boner was raging at this point.

“Shit, maybe we should have taken that uber! I wasn’t joking back there ya know” Jackie told me with a devilish grin.

”Believe me, I’ve noticed” I said right back to her, my own cheshire cat smile growing to match my bulge below.

Jackie: “So why did you piss your pants back in the club”?

Myself: “I really didn’t mean to at all, i swear. I guess I got caught up in partying and next thing I know I had a river of pee flowing down my pant legs.” (I wasn’t exactly lying.)

Jackie: “Gotcha, I know what you mean it’s happened to me before too”.

At this point, to the unsuspecting, Jackie was practically masturbating herself outside her pants. Left hand squeeze, right hand jam, knees knocking.. this girl didnt look like she was going to last very long. (Did I mention before I was in heaven?) I started to feel a twinge in my own bladder. I had seemed emptied it all at the club, but lord knows that doesn’t last long when beer drinking.

”We need to pick up the pace... im about to piss myself soon!” Jackie exclaimed, her devilish grin replaced with a look of nervousness and desperation. We had only made it a little over a half mile. I asked how far her place was and Jackie said we were only 15 min away. Her hands were now glued to her crotch, and I was openingly questioning how a woman could not walk, but “bounce” in such heels on the way home.

“Please get these fucking shoes off me! I cant move my hands or ill lose it!” Jackie shrieked with a genuine whimper. She was so desperate, she literally could not even take off her own heels at this point. I had to kneel down twice to get close to her because she couldnt stop bouncing and moving around. I told Jackie to hold her foot still, but with less allowing her to choose, and more me holding down her leg in place, I got one heel off.

”See that wasn’t so bad, was it?” I laughed while looking up. What I saw, when I looked up, was something I won’t forget. Jackie’s eyes were closed and her hands still in her crotch, but below that I got a view up her skirt. She was wearing purple panties with some lace around the edges, but that wasn’t what stole my view. A sizable wet spot was present under her balled fingers, about double the size of a half dollar. Jackie yelled at me to hurry up with the other heel or shed kick me in the face. 

Motivation enough, I grabbed the other foot and held it still for a moment to unclasp the shoe. With that, a groan came from above. I looked once more above and locked my gaze to her panties. The wetspot was growing with trickles of urine starting down those thick, luscious thighs. I followed the small stream from her thighs down to her knees, and finally reaching my hands, still clasped to her heel. I took off the heel with one hand, the other not daring to move from the hot pee cascading down. Using all her might along with a few four letter curse words, Jackie somehow managed to stop the flow, at least for now...

“We’re almost there!” Jackie said as we continued to her house. We had to be close based on how far we had gotten already. “My house is just down the block.. fuck me I gotta piss”! Jackie sure was something else. Nearing her driveway, she grabbed her purse looking for keys. Almost there. Finally we get to her house. She leads me up the driveway to the steps of the front door walking up with key in one hand. Vagina in other. Her legs were shaking standing at the door, and the hand with the key was even worse. After about 3-4 fumbles with the key, she got it in the keyhole and turned. One lock down, one more to go!

As she took the key out of the top lock, suddenly everything in time froze, including Jackie. For the first time during our walk home, she finally stopped moving and fidgeting. An audible sigh told me everything I had to know as she parted her legs slightly. She was peeing. Jackie was finally getting relief. Her skirt started to darken the front of her skirt, and her panties were absolutely no match for such a powerful stream. Steam rose up as she continued to piss herself right on the front door steps a foot away from me. She continued forcefully pissing herself with no shame. Im sure she had enough time to actually get inside and the bathroom before stopping, but at this point why bother? Her legs were drenched and her bare feet surrounded by a pool of piss. As her flow tapered, My gaze moved upwards to her facial expression. I wasn’t sure what her “O” face looked like, but surely it couldn’t be far from this.

Supreme satisfaction was soon replaced with a mischievous smirk as she led me inside...

Think I may stop this series here. I could pry continue, but think anything further may venture into more watersports/sex for my fantasy vs omo related content

