Leaking and Interesting Wetting At Movie Theater

Author: Tanks

*000*2022-07-18 06:09

Hey, I haven’t really posted stories on here, I’m sorry if it’s not told well. I have some wetting experiences to share and thought I’d start with this one.

I was at the movies with a few friends, before going in I went to the bathroom cause I knew I’d have to go during it and I didn’t want to miss any of it. I got a regretful large soda that I finished about 20 minutes into the 2:30 hour long movie.

After an hour or so into the movie I felt my bladder fill up along with pressure in my abdomen. Fearing of looking desperate to my friends I just sat like I was fine and kept watching the movie. The next 15 minutes were fine but I was getting to the point where it was difficult to sit still and hold it all in. While trying my best to hold back a wave of desperation, a huge crash uttered through the theater catching me off guard making me leak in my pants. I immediately looked down to see if it was visible but because I had darker pants I was okay. 

After that leak I couldn’t hold it back anymore, every couple minutes I’d let another spurt out making my hands want to jump and grab myself but I fought back. With another hour still to go I knew I wasn’t going to make it the whole movie but I wanted to wait till a down time to go. Five long desperate minutes later one of my friends tapped my shoulder to get my attention for a sec and I began leaking but it took me a few seconds to stop the flow. Right after that I jumped up and started to head to the bathroom

I could feel my wet underwear the whole walk, at that point I was shuffling and grabbing myself if needed while on the way to the toilet. As I finally arrived to the bathroom I ran to a urinal and pulled my pants aside than began peeing. Urine shot out of me at a rapid pace giving me so much relief. But then I noticed no pee going into the urinal, I looked down and realized I was peeing in my shirt. (Still to this day I don’t understand how I did that) I panicked trying to move it out the way but it was already wet and since my shirt was grey it was very noticeable. When I left the bathroom I had my arms crossed trying to hide the wetness till I got back to the dark theater. Finally getting back to my seat I luckily had a hoodie with me that I placed on my lap hiding my stain. By the time the movie ended I had to go again, no leaking or accidents that time though.

