Swimming Desperation

Author: Baka

*000*2011-03-16 10:36

Well okay, this story happened during swimming once xD

I know a girl, she's my friend. Let's call her 'Jane'.

Well, that day was our weekly school swimming day, we had to go to the ocean as part of some program. None of us liked it. I saw that halfway through the swimming session Jane was looking uncomfortable and moving around a bit more, so I asked her what was wrong, even though I had a pretty good idea of why. She had drunk a large water bottle before so I wasn't surprised when she said to me, "I kinda need to pee."

I told her we still had about forty-five minutes to go and she nodded, looking slightly worried.

Twenty minutes later she was really starting to look desperate and I couldn't help but sneak occasional glances at her when she wasn't watching. We swam out and I could see that she was struggling to keep swimming. I asked her if she was okay and she shrugged and said she really had to go, but she probably could wait a little longer.

Another fifteen minutes passed and she couldn't even stand still, she was pacing around in the water, slightly bent over. "I really have to pee," she moaned to me. Another one of our friends, let's call her 'Anna' noticed and said, "don't worry, I kind of need to go as well. We only have ten minutes left." Jane nodded but I noticed she was really worried.

It was our turn to swim and Jane was in great distress, as she was trying to swim and not jolt her bladder too much. She had to stop many times but I don't think our instructor noticed.

Finally it was over and we had to get out, she was dancing a bit. She wasn't holding herself, and it wasn't obvious to anyone who wasn't looking but her expression showed that she was in pain. "Ooooh, I really have to pee," she whispered again. I shrugged. "You can ask if you have to go."

But unfortunately for her (and fortunately for me) we had to line up first and let the instructors mark our names off and count us. This was pure torture for Jane as she couldn't sit down or hold herself without drawing attention to her. She was shuffling from foot to foot. Even worse, apparently a group of girls had wandered off and the teachers had to go search for them. During this time we were allowed to sit down, and Jane quickly did, rocking back and forth. "I really, really have to go," she gasped. "I don't think I can hold it much longer. Oh god, I wish I didn't drink all that water..."

I chuckled a bit. "Waterfalls, lakes, rivers, look at the ocean around you, water everywhere~" I teased, and I laughed at the expression on her face. "Stop it!" she gasped.

"Cross your legs," I suggested." She lifted one leg slightly but immediately put it back down, leaning forward. "I can't," she almost cried. "It hurts." She started playing with the folds of her swimsuit, rocking and tapping her feet. "I need to pee," she kept muttering.

Anna nodded sympathetically. She had her legs crossed. "Don't worry, they're going to be back soon." I sent a glance in her direction. She didn't seem as desperate as Jane, but she seemed like she needed to go soon too.

"Oh god, I think some came out," Jane suddenly said sharply, shoving a hand in her crotch. She was beyond trying to hide it now. She had a hand pressed between her legs tighly and she was rocking back and forth. "Oh my god, hurry up! Some people need to PEE here," she whispered loudly.

Finally, the instructors came back and said we could change. She stood up slowly, her hand never leaving her crotch. She was taking small baby steps towards her bag. She used her other hand to pick the bag up, and we were almost to the changerooms when she suddenly stopped, gasping abruptly. "It's coming out!" she wailed. Anna looked at her curiously, watching a small amount of liquid trickle down her legs. Jane danced from foot to foot, looking absolutely desperate, but slightly relieved. "I think I stopped it..."

As fast as we could, we went to the changerooms and she made a beeline for the bathrooms, but to her dismay they were all taken. I knew that she couldn't hold it anymore, and with the sound of the showers and everything she just completely lost control. Though she had her hands jammed between her legs and was squirming around, she couldn't help the pee that spurted through her already-wet swimsuit, creating a puddle on the ground. The showers and taps everywhere drowned out the sound of her pee and since the ground was already wet, nobody paid much attention to it. She didn't say anything, but she looked really upset, and went straight to the showers.

Anna chuckled beside me. "She must have really needed to go, huh? Speaking of needing to go, I'm bursting for a leak myself." She laughed, putting a hand between her legs. Just then, the toilet flushed, and she went in, sighing. "I'm glad I didn't wet myself too," she told me afterwards.

We never spoke of the incident after, and I'm disappointed I didn't get to see Anna wet herself, but nevertheless it was an interesting experience for me.

*003*2011-03-17 07:17

I dunno, people are shy about this kind of stuff? And probably because she already told us, it would be awkward. o-o

