Real life desperation sightings

Author: kokandra123

*000*2018-12-22 17:09

Over the next few days I'm going to be sharing some of the real life desperation sightings I've witnessed over the years. This is just a compilation, so I haven't gone into any detail and some stories may be quite short (some sightings simply involve girls saying I need to pee). However, they are the memories that I tend to resort to when I'm, ahem, doing certain business, and just thought some of you would enjoy them. Names have been altered for privacy sake.

###

One of my favourite experiences involved a really cute Philippine girl, whom I shall refer to as Grace. I met Grace when I was studying at university, and we had a sort of on/off, friends with benefits relationship. We would travel together sometimes, though due to my eventual relocation to another city we never got together as a couple.

A couple of years ago, we took a short holiday together in the countryside. We rented an airbnb cottage in the middle of nowhere for a few days, and spent our time hiking and enjoying each other's company. Grace was a slim, 5'8 height Philippine girl, at the time in her early 20's. Her skin had a lovely tan colour, with a bubbly-looking face, jet black hair, and a nicely-toned ass.

Anyway, it was the last night of our holiday and we decided to stay indoors. It was winter time in the UK, so we really enjoyed spending our nights in the cosy cottage with its electric fireplace. After dinner, we heated up some mulled wine. We drank a glass each and chatted for a bit, before deciding to settle down on the sofa bed and watch a movie. I went for a pee beforehand, as I had started feeling the effects of the wine and the mug of tea I had had before dinner. I noted as an afterthought that Grace hadn't peed since before dinner, and had drunk as much as me (when you are into omorashi, you notice these small details).

Anyway, after I had peed, we poured ourselves the second mug of mulled wine and started the movie. Grace was curled up next to me, her head lying on my shoulder. She was wearing a pink Hello Kitty top and a pair of short black shorts, so I had a lovely view of her lovely smooth legs. An hour into the movie, Grace suddenly asked me how long the movie was. I looked at the DVD case and saw that there was around half an hour left.

"Oh" she replied, sounding disappointed.

"Why, are you tired?" I asked.

"No, I really need a pee pee". As she said this, she very cutely placed her hands in her crotch and squeezed her legs together.

"Do you want me to pause it?" I asked, remembering that she hadn't peed before the movie and now had two glasses of mulled wine and a mug of tea in her bladder.

"Oh, can you do that?" she asked.

"Of course" I replied (In my mind I said "duh, have you never owned a DVD"?).

"Oh thank you she said". She got up and scurried off to the toiled. After a few minutes she came back "So much better now" she said as she cuddled up next to me again.

Needless to say, I was mightily turned on and was unable to concentrate on the rest of the movie, Afterward, I had the greater pleasure of having sex with a beautiful girl who only moments ago had been desperate for a pee.

*004*2019-01-05 16:37

A few years ago, me and a couple of colleagues of mine had to give a presentation about some work we had been doing together over the past weeks. The day before, we decided to meet up to iron out some last-minute issues. It was just after lunch break, and we went into one of the private office rooms so as not to disturb the rest of our colleagues. The girls were both young, one just graduating from University and the other slightly older, in her mid-twenties. The latter, who I shall call Sara, was one of my more attractive colleagues, with dirty-blonde hair, a nice pear-shaped body, and good-sized assets. Like most days, she was wearing a black business suit, with snug-fitting trousers and a white shirt.

The meeting was supposed to be a quick fifteen minute run through. However, after half an hour, and with Sara having just finished a large mug of coffee, we were nowhere near done. The meeting dragged on as we encountered a number of teething problems with the presentation. Our other female colleague was being very meticulous, and a number of times I saw Sara roll her eyes and look at her phone clock as every small issue was turned into a full-scale problem. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed her bouncing subtly on her chair, though at that moment I dismissed it as boredom. An hour and a quarter into the meeting, we began discussing (at last) the conclusion of our presentation, when the other female colleague spotted yet another hitch.

She was just about to start explaining to us her point of view when Sara interrupted her. "Sorry guys, you're going to have to excuse me. I'm about to wet myself." Without waiting for a reply, she quickly got off her chair and rushed out of the room, her high heels clicking loudly as she walked past. She came back a few minutes later, her smooth cheeks looking very flushed. "I really apologise, I was going about to make a puddle on my chair" she said as she sat back down. "No problem, when you gotta go ,you gotta go" said my other colleague. "Haha yes, its the coffee that really does me in. I didn't realise we'd take this long" Sara replied.

More stories to follow shortly...including another one from the lovely Sara

*006*2019-01-12 16:04

When I was at University I spent a summer working in the reception of a five-star hotel. One hot August afternoon an Italian couple walked into the lobby area. They were both dressed very elegantly, obviously of the upper-middle class sort. The woman was a very pretty and petite blonde, in her late twenties or early thirties. She was wearing tight jeans, black heels, a dark green top. As she entered the hotel she placed her expensive-looking sunglasses on top of her slick curly hair, while holding an equally pricey handbag in her hand.

The couple came up to the reception desk, the husband pulling their luggage behind him. I was on my own at the time at the desk, so he came up to me and with a friendly smile asked if they could check in. I proceeded to do the paperwork required every time a guest checked in, such as asking them to fill in their details, check their passports etc...

At one point, when my back was turned while I photocopied their passports, I heard the woman speak, in Italian, to her husband. Unknowing to her, I speak Italian quite well, so I understood every single word.

"Please tell him to hurry up, I'm about to piss myself".

My hearing sense was immediately heightened, as I heard her husband telling her to have a bit more patience. That probably meant that she had been needing to go for quite a while.

Finishing my task and feigning ignorance, I handed the couple their passports and asked if they needed anything else. Now, I clearly noticed that the woman was standing cross-legged, biting her lip and doing a subtle bounce in the middle of the reception area. To her annoyance (and my delight), the husband asked me if I could give him some information regarding the bus timetable. She huffed slightly as I started showing him a leaflet with times. After a couple of minutes (the husband was still asking questions), she snapped at her husband in their language.

"I'm going up to my room because I really need to use the toilet. You can stay here chatting. Bring the luggage with you".

She then picked up the key and went off. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw her do a cute pee dance as she was forced to wait a few seconds for the lift to arrive, before she finally was able to get up to her room.

