Ex-Girlfriend Bedwetting

Author: maxor9264

*000*2019-12-04 18:48

Hey everyone, I'm pretty new to posting, but I've been lurking for a long time.. Sorry for not really contributing!

But anyway, I've got a true story here. It's not very long, but I'll remember it for a long time. It's also gonna be my first story I've written.

So, my girlfriend and I had been to a friend's party one night where we all drank a decent amount of alcohol, but not too much. Only a couple people got drunk and it was overall a rather chill night. The whole night though, I noticed my girlfriend had only been to the bathroom once (as opposed to usually many times). I didn't think much of it at the time.

As the night continued, people began leaving or going to sleep, and since my girlfriend and I were going to be staying over for the night, we too decided we would go to sleep. Before I went to bed, I went to the bathroom as I'd been holding for a surprising while without realising. Then when I came back to our room I saw my girlfriend already in bed, noticing again that she's only been to the bathroom once this whole night. Did she really not need to go?

Needless to say, we were both tipsy and in bed together, so I don't need to tell you that we made mildly drunken love. After that we were seriously ready for sleep, so I brought my arm over her waist, pulled myself just a little so I could hold her close. But immediately I noticed she most definitely had a bladder bulge, the pressure swelled there was begging to be relieved. But being polite, I asked her,

"Do you need the bathroom before you sleep?"

She didn't respond. "I suppose she's already asleep", I thought. At this point I was in a moral dilemma. I could wake her up just in case, or I could just see what happens for my own pleasure. I couldn't deny that she'd done this to herself, but at the same time, it would be selfish to let her embarrass herself while I get a kick out of it. But just as I was pondering this dilemma, I could feel it already in motion. A warmth at my legs which were touching closely with her upper thighs. Very quickly I could determine what was going on, a flow of hot liquid was smoothly running down her thigh.

I uncovered the blanket and there was already a wet patch on the bed sheet the size of a plate, but she was far from finished. For another 20 seconds or so, the flow continued making the patch bigger and bigger, making her thigh glisten. While I was really living a lucky moment, I felt bad, so I decided to try and wake her up before she lets every last drop out and hope she doesn't feel too embarrassed about it. I gently shake her shoulder, call her by her name and tell her to wake up. She responds,

"You know, I wasn't sleeping."

To my absolute shock, I had been pranked in perhaps the best way. She turned around very clearly getting the other side of her body wet by her own urine and looked at me.

"It's fine, I know where they keep their bedsheets. Come on let's go shower."

(At this point I should probably tell you. She was aware of my omo kink, and she was fine with it, wasn't turned off by it, but never actually had the kink herself. She would still indulge me from time to time though, just like this night.)

She was a few steps ahead of me that night. She even called me cute for worrying whether or not she'd be embarrassed. Since she wasn't overly keen on being covered in her own pee for too long, we took care of the bed then went for our "shower". Which, just to quickly end this story, was amazing. Before we got in the shower, we undressed and I got to make out rather intimately with my still pee covered girlfriend.

Anyway, that's this story done. I wrote a lot more than I thought I would, sorry if I rambled or included unnecessary details. Let me know what you think if anyone reads haha!

