Why I don't do holds

Author: Elliefops

*000*2016-02-20 02:28

So, this happened fairly recently, but was just a personal reminder to me of why I don't do holds.

Though it was not very sturdy when I was a kid, my bladder/muscles have become stupidly strong for some reason. While for most people that would be a good thing, but for me (obviously based on where I'm posting) it's a bit aggravating. While I'm pretty sure, muscle wise, I could probably hold until my bladder actually burst, my nerves in the area are fairly sensitive, which leads to me 'squirming' fairly often as my bladder is never as full as it feels.

I work 9-5 at a place that is about an hour and twenty minutes from where I live, so squirming on the way home is fairly common, and while at work I generally drink 1-2 large coffees and around a half gallon of Wawa green tea (it tastes like cold honey-water) so squirming at work is also fairly common lol (I would use the restroom more frequently but I get self-conscious about going that often).

Anyway, on this particular day, I had finished my second coffee at around 10 in the morning, and was already starting to feel my bladder signalling. I hadn't done a hold in a couple of years and had been reading stuff on Tumblr about them recently so I figured I'd go for it and see how far I got:

~1:00: On and off fidgeting in my seat/bouncing my leg.

~3:00: Squirming and shifting positions in my chair constantly, luckily no one in my office faces me so I doubt I was noticed.

~5:00: Home time! at this point I was rocking back and forth, bouncing my legs, and doing everything I could to try and alleviate some of the pressure which had now become painful, and while I know my bladder lies, by this point it was actually really full.

I awkwardly walked to my car, mostly just out of discomfort as my "need" was shifting more and more to just being pain. It started dull, and mostly manageable for the first half of the journey, but for the second half, which is mostly poorly maintained back-roads, it very quickly turned to a sharp, very intense pain. I realized a little ways into the second half of my trip that this was not likely to end well, as I began really worrying about the potential damage I was doing to myself, and I have heard of a few people actually dying because they managed to get their bladders to burst.

So, as I continued driving/fidgeting/holding myself to try and lessen the now severe pain I was feeling, I was also mentally trying to decide the best course of action, or if it actually came down to it, where the nearest hospital was. I wanted so badly to pull off the side of the road and let go just to make the pain stop, but there are very few sections of road that are not someones yard, a rock face, or a bridge, so there wasn't room for me to get my car on the side of the road without drawing attention to myself.

Having ruled out stopping, I considered just letting go as I was driving, and eventually actually tried, but I couldn't get myself to relax at all how I was sitting, even pushing only yielded a couple of small spurts, which weren't even enough to visibly soak through my jeans.

Bordering on crying because of how bad it hurt, I finally pulled into my driveway and ran into the house, straight to the bathroom, and let go standing in the middle of it.

Oh my god, it felt amazing. At first it was a slow trickle that wrapped its way down and around the back of my thighs, following the folds in my jeans, but after a few seconds when my body finally realized it was okay to let go, the dam burst. I flooded myself for a good minute and a half, leaving a puddle across half my bathroom floor, my jeans soaked all the way around my legs all the way down, and my shoes filled and squishy. I kinda stood in the mess I had made dazed for a few minutes before I realized I had left my car running, and the dogs were barking to be let out, so without changing I let the dogs out and ran out to shut my car off, quickly scooting back inside before my neighbors could see me, going back to peel off my wet clothes. Surprisingly, my undies weren't that bad, I guess I went with enough force that it just kinda passed through them? I'm not sure, but by glancing at them it would have appeared that I had only leaked like a 3-4 second spurt.

Anyways since I have rambled enough, that's kinda why I don't do holds, they just hurt, and if all i wanted to do was intentionally let go in my clothes, then I can do that without the pain just fine :3 Though thanks to a forum post on here I have found a couple of sites about paruresis 'cures' which include some techniques to almost force your muscles to relax, so I may try that in the near future :o

*003*2016-02-20 12:18

{{ 

I love the way you write Ellie, so descriptive, lovely story !! I have never been guilty of processing a bladder of "steel" mine crumbles way before the agony stage sets in

}}

Thank you :O It comes in handy sometimes, but far more often than not, I would rather be able to actually have an accident :P

{{ 

I'm fairly certain that nobody had died from burst bladders. The organ itself has a mechanism that will drain it before it bursts, which is why people wet their pants in the first place, their bladder literally reaches capacity and empties itself, regardless of whether the person is trying to hold or not. Not that I'm trying to convince you to try more, simply that the worst damage you can do is form a bladder infection. Also distended bladders can hurt in general.

}}

I did some reading to try and back up what I had heard, but apparently most cases of people having their bladder burst (which has actually killed a small number of people) was a result of another issue which had weakened the bladder in the first place, such as previous surgeries, inflammation, obstruction of some sort, or radiotherapy. There have been an even smaller number of cases of bladders bursting with no sign of previous damage, but those cases are fairly old so may not be reliable. There is a couple of 'famous' instances, but they wound up being rumor instead of fact :o

So maybe i just need to keep holding even with the pain? or hopefully that breath holding thing actually works, lol. And for the bladder infection, I have had one in the past and it was far from fun :/

*005*2016-02-20 15:16

{{ 

Thanks for sharing your tale of holding, hurting, and wetting, Ellie. I do believe you can harm your kidneys if you hold so long that urine backs up through your ureters into your kidneys. Don't do that!

From your story I guess that you don't get sexually stimulated by holding, that the major effect on you is the increasing urge to pee that eventually becomes pain, rather than arousal. I'm the same way, but then I'm equipped differently than you "down there." I wonder what fraction of women do get aroused from holding. Many on this site do, but as we all know, we're not typical.

}}

I don't know that I don't get some level of arousal from it, but I actively try and keep my omo related interests as innocent as possible, and for holds, the moment it gets painful it immediately overrides any fleeting "excitement" that the 'gotta go' feeling may have caused :P

*007*2016-02-20 20:20

{{ 

Excellent posting, With me its when ever I do a hold I almost expect to end up at some point wetting my pants. Even when I manage to make it home I often will just go in my pants anyway. I guess deep down the on purpose hold represents me ultimately going in my pants, otherwise I somehow feel cheated !

}}

Exactly! What else are pants for? lol Though after talking to some people from this site and reading into the likelihood of actually bursting my bladder I am tempted to do another hold here soon :O

*010*2016-02-20 21:18

{{ 

*crowd chant* DO IT! DO IT! DO IT!

}}

{{ 

Do it ! I may even be tempted to join in myself ! lol

}}

Hmm, if I can manage to have the privacy I might do it tomorrow :O you guys are getting me excited about the idea

*012*2016-02-20 21:32

{{ 

Keep us posted with all the up to the minute details as it happens !

}}

I'll try, I will probably use the "Live action omorashi" thread if I go through with it :O

*014*2016-02-20 21:42

{{ 

Do It ! I'm off tomorrow, so will be following the live action thread and may even do one myself !

}}

My turn: Do it!

I'm gonna hafta run out to the store to stock up on drinks tonight, lol.

*017*2016-02-20 22:12

{{ 

Incredible story, I love how you get to the squirmy stage so long before you are full, shows how strong those muscles are. It's also exciting you are planning to try again, I bet you can last even longer.

You mention how bad pain was though, was the releif comparable? Is it worth the effort?

}}

Not really, that's why I don't do holds anymore, but people here have gotten me excited about it so I am gonna go for it, and try to actually lose control this time

*019*2016-02-20 22:26

{{ 

My problem is going to be able to post live as I start wetting. Guess I'll do it the best I can. Once I start to go its full force. Well the starting spurts should be live, then once the flood gates open I'll have the details up. Now I'm trying to figure out what to wear for my hold-wetting ? Guess I'm going to be on the live action thread a lot starting tonight !

}}

You're gonna start tonight? :O

*022*2016-02-21 13:18

{{ 

I'm starting mine this morning !

}}

Me too, I am kinda nervous 'cause I've never done this "live" before :O

