Re-Wetting Bliss

Author: RewetC

*000*2021-04-08 16:43

Hello everyone

Usually when I wet myself, I plan 9n doing it and drink lots of water beforehand. I like to dilute my pee and get really desperate afterwards. It can be seen as some form of preparation at home, a preparation before wetting outside in a public park or on a sidewalk.

The only time I wet myself in a public space so far was that evening last January when I decided to re-wet myself at home to the point where no dry spot was left on my jeans. That in itself feels so good every time I do it and the process is pure bliss for me.

For the first time ever, I then decided to put on sneakers and a short jacket to walk around the neighbourhood. I felt that if my jeans are totally soaked, no one would notice that I peed myself. I walked around the blocks until I felt considerable pressure in my bladder again. It was very cold, there even appeared tiny ice crystals on my jeans. I noticed that I was steaming a bit when I sat down before peeing myself on a bench on a small square. When peed what my bladder let go of in the cold, the steam got very noticeable. I felt so naughty when I saw some people on balconies next to the square. After a short wile steaming, I headed back home to warm up completely inside. Coming inside felt like a relief of course.

I made sure my bladder got full again only to go back outside. The cold hit me immediately and it was hard to hold while walking to a different square. Although I live in a residential area with very small blocks where people appear and disappear quickly even when it is dark, I decided to take the risk and rewet myself while walking. While wetting, I noticed I needed to stop walking in order to be able to empty myself completely. This time my sneakers got very soggy. I even left traces on the dry ground when walking away. I wonder if anyone noticed and what he or she might have thought to themselves. When I reached my destination I sat down on a wall and let my legs hang in the air. I felt incredible for getting out of my comfort zone. It was bliss. Soon I was shaking again from the cold and the steam disappeared and turned my jeans back to becoming icy.

As I had no pee left to quickly warm my legs up, I decided to head home when I was sure my shoes stopped leaving traces.

$$

$$

20201127_222345_1.mp4

*003*2021-04-11 18:42

{{4 hours ago, 933 said:

This is a lot like how I do my night time public wettings, including the filming style! Did your trainers get soaked?

}}

Cool that you do it very similarly, I think it is the stealthiest way of doing it in public. I wouldn't want to get caught yet but I thought of doing the same in a light blue pair of jeans. What color have you done it with?

Yea the trainers got soaked! They are made of a thick material and soaked up much of the liquid. I left traces on the dry sidewalk when I left the spot. I took the same way home to only to see them.

$$

