Little Vic's desperate adventures

Author: Little Vic

*000*2019-08-11 19:09

Hey, I decided to share with all of you a couple of experiences where I found myself unintentional desperate to pee, there's no wetting involved btw.

We start with that time a friend and I went to the cinema, we met with plenty of time ahead, couple of hours or so, so what we did was walking around the area and visiting some shops while chatting about the most random stuff.

The time arrived and we head the cinema, and I made the terrible mistake of not visiting the toilet beforehand, the thought didn’t even crossed my mind even though my friend went for a premovie pee.

I can’t really remember how started, but towards the end of the film my need to pee become more and more intense. It was closet to the end so I thought that it was ok that I could hold till the end. But the need was growing faster and faster making it harder to concéntrate on what going on on the scream the only thing I wanted to do was pee, but silly me still focus on waiting till the end.

I was so desperate that I was even considering taking my jeans off and go on the cinema seat but since there were so many people that wasn’t an option also I’m sure I don’t have the guts to do so in such a full place.

By the end of the film I was dying to pee my only and single though was “I need to pee now” but somehow I managed to remain calm and tell my friend “Ok, let’s go to the bathroom” and we calmy walk to the nearest bathroom. I seriusly don’t know how I could remain so calm despite my birsting bladder. I was lucky enough to find to queue at all so I rush to the first available stall. A gushing stream come out the moment I sat on the toilet. The releif was so awsome that I felt a bit kind of daze of sweet enjoyment for a few second to next discover I was still peeing full force with only being relaxed. Not sure how long I was peeing but maybe more than a minute.

And this can be the reason why I always pee before going to the cinema. :)

*001*2019-08-11 19:22

And the second one.

This took place few years ago during Halloween. At the end of the night a friend and I enroll in an endless conversation ,I ended up walking him home and we kept chatting in front of his house. I was so concentrated on the conversation that I was ignoring the fact that my bladder was becoming dangerously full.

After a while we finally said goodbyes and I sighed : "Now I have to go to the other side of the village to go home"

And my friend replied: "Fortunately I live right here because I my bladder is about to explode"

So, at the end of the day we both were desperate but while he would find relieve in a minute I had to cross the village (fortunately a small one) to get mine and after the distraction I become fully aware that I was absolutely dying to pee.

Forget about reaching home, number one priority was looking for a place to pee. Now I realized that there was an open field very close to his house were I could find a good place to pee but I head the other way… And so my desperate walk began. Few meters away I spotted what could have been a good place but unfortunately there was a woman walking a dog, at 5 am! Feeling extremely frustrated about not being able to pee yet I pressed my legs and kept walking. With every step I was feeling more and more uncomfortable and I had to hold my crotch. There was no freaking place which ensure a tiny bit of privacy every single place was either to expose or too iluminated.

And then finally when I had to walk constantly holding my crotch and with a huge pressure both my bladder and peehole I found a corner dark enough. Finally a place to pee! I walk as fast as my condition let me to the corner already undoing my belt and unziping my jeans before reaching the corner, every second was precious. I frantically pulled down my jeans and started to pee before I could squat properly. Even though I was a bit worried anyone would show it was not impossible to enjoy that desired pee and also admire the massive puddle my hissing stream was creating. I peed and peed and peed with no one coming in the distance but I pulled my jeans up the second I finished leaving some moist in my underwear.

