The Day I Met My Boyfriend :)

Author: Akairi

*000*2010-10-16 17:40

So this happened a couple months ago. Just so you know, I'm in community college right now, and I live on my own. My parents help me out with rent and stuff but for the most part I take care of myself. Anyway, the guy I'm dating now is a member on this site. His name on here is Kayushi. He goes to the same college I do.

I was sitting in my college comp class, not really able to concentrate because my bladder was acting up like usual (I've always had a lot of trouble holding it) so half the lecture just went in one ear and out the other, including the topic for the essay we had to write that week. As soon as our professor released us, I bolted for the bathroom and barely made it with a few wet spots on my jeans. Relieved, I left the bathroom and headed for the door, when I realized I didn't know what I was supposed to do for homework.

Luckily when I got to the parking lot, this really cute guy from my class was parked next to me. He had his car running, but he hadn't left yet. Now, normally I'm extremely shy when it comes to talking to cute guys, but I HAD to know what we were doing for homework. He introduced himself as Jace (I know that's not his real name, but he likes to be called Jace for some reason... something to do with a book he read) and he told me he'd tell me what we were doing on one condition: I had to let him take me out.

Obviously I agreed, I mean... he was probably one of the cutest guys in my class, he seemed really introverted most of the time, like me. And most of all, I didn't really put myself out there, so I hadn't been on a date in like a year and a half. I gave him directions to my house and told him to give me a couple hours to get ready. Then we went our seperate ways.

I was extremely nervous by the time I got home. I grabbed a bottle of water out of the mini fridge in my room and chugged it, then I hopped in the shower, dried myself off and grabbed my favorite outfit out of my closet: A black corset laced with pink, a black and pink school-girl type skirt and well... you can guess the color theme for my bra and underwear.

About 7:00, I heard his car pull in my driveway. More like felt actually, cos he had his stereo in his car blaring Bullet for my Valentine (yesss ^.^) so I grabbed my purse, put on my knee-high hooker boots and walked out to his car. He told me how beautiful I looked and kissed my hand before pulling out of my driveway. He took me to this nice italian restaurant near his parents' house and as we were seated I realized something. I had not been to the bathroom since I chugged the waterbottle. I was so nervous and excited about the date that I totally forgot.

The place he took me to was one of those places where they don't have the full public restrooms, but the one-at-a-time private ones, and judging by the line, I wouldn't have made it if I tried, so I did the only thing I could think of: bit my lip and sat on my heel. I figured if nothing else, I should at least make it through dinner if I didnt drink anything else, of course he had like 20 refills on his soda. I actually caught myself wondering how his body could contain that much liquid when I was having problems holding back one little bottle of water.

I felt the pressure building in my bladder the whole time, and again I couldn't concentrate to save my life. I remember him telling me he'd had a crush on me since the first day of class, and he told me how beautiful he thought I was and all that stuff... the one thing I DID really notice though, was that he didn't seem to notice that I had to pee. the way I was acting I was afraid I was being too obvious. Well I found out later he did notice, but I'll save that for the end of this story.

After about a half-hour, he finally got the check and paid it, and we left. I was reluctant to get up but I had to keep hiding the fact that I was about to pee all over the place whether I liked it or not. Sure enough, as soon as I stood up a small stream of urine escaped into my underwear. I managed to stop it there, but there was a wet spot there now and a few drops on the inside of my leg. I glanced over at the bathroom, where there was still a good sized line. I decided to try and hold it till he got me home, and focused all my energy on the walk out to his car.

The sad thing is, I would have made it, but when we got to his car there was something sitting in the passenger seat. It was what looked like a dozen red roses with a note on them. I was stunned, and the surprise made me lose my focus as another stream of hot liquid made its way out of me. I tried crossing my legs but it was too late. My pee soaked my underwear and poured down my legs, flooding my boots and making a puddle at my feet. Jace stared at me for a minute in as much shock as I was at the flowers. I started crying my eyes out, but he came around to my side of the car, wrapped his arms around me, pulled me to his chest and told me it was okay, as my tears soaked his shirt and my pee continued to soak my skirt and his jeans. When I was done, he lifted my chin and kissed me gently on the lips, then he moved the roses to the back seat and put a trash bag down on the seat.

When we got back to my house, he came in with me and waited in my living room with the roses while I showered and got dressed in dry clothes. When I came back out, he told me that he had a kind of erotic interest in wetting. Any other time with any other guy, he would have been out my front door, but this guy was so sweet about it and he didn't seem to judge me at all.

Now I know this might seem tacky, and I don't normally make a habit of this... but he spent the night that night... and we had probably the best sex I've ever had.

