Desperate clinican

Author: obvious pseudonym

*000*2012-08-17 20:12

Ok, so at the request from my last post, this is my story of the worst desperation I have ever known. This happened 4 years ago. At the time I was working at a large city teaching hospital in interventional cardiology. Basically putting wires through a patients artery in the wrist or leg and feeding them to the heart to open up blocked heart arteries. The images were taken using a moving x ray picture so we all have to wear lead aprons. On the day in question I was the "scrub" nurse, basically I was the operator alongside the consultant. I had finished my break for the morning when I was asked to scrub up out of turn so the sister who was working in the room could get to a meeting. I agreed and that meant there was only me as the scrub nurse, my mate Steve as the circulating nurse, my then girlfriend Carly as radiographer and the consultant for the list, a bellowing great lumbering giant since retired called Dr Ormskirk. The patient was wheeled in and I got scrubbed up.

Shortly after being scrubbed up (by which I am wearing all sterile gown and gloves and cannot touch anything non-sterile) I was arranging my equipment for the case when I began to get a slight urge to need to pee. Nothing much, only say 3/10. The cases like this only lasted for 20-40 mins so I really didn't think much of it. However the case started to drag on as the patients anatomy was difficult to pass wires down to get the imaging catheter in place. By now I was getting a lot more urgent signals from my bladder and was definatly now nearing 5/10. Then we hit a problem which caused the artery to close up- s**t this was now an emergency. We had to quickly get the artery back open fully, so the adrenaline was pumping as we quickly put a metal "stent" into the vessel. However that also meant that my bladder was rapidly filling as a result and I was starting to feel a bit of pain and a desperation score of 7/10.

"Steve mate, I really am bursting for the toilet, can you see if anyone is free to scrub in for me?". Steve asked and said there was nobody- 2 people were at the meeting, the nurses next door were on lunch, the rooms across the way were ib one dealing with an emergency, the other awaiting the arrival of an emergency while the other rooms nurses were in the operating theatres. So there I was, stood cross legged under the gown and leads, not able to leave the room and having to stay sterile. The case wore on for a total of 3 1/2 hours. Come the end I could feel that my bladder was at its full capacity. 

The pressure inside my abdomen was immense and all down to the tip of my penis was clenched as tight as I could squeeze to stop myself from peeing my scrubs. Finally we finished and I was nearly done. The whole thing was now a war of attrition of what would hapen first- the case finishing or my bladder empting. Which would have caused a major problem for the patient. Steve was quite helpful, Carly was too busy laughing at me. The last job was to put an infusion up for the patient. 2 nurses have to check that, so I had to de scrub, scribbled my initials and set the rate on the pump- hardly helped when steve held up the bag an the giving set anf said

"I have not ran it through yet" meaning the liquid from the bag down the tube of the set before it can be connected to the patient- when your at a 9/10 of desperation my admittedly unprofessional reply was

"That's not bloody helping!"

At that I tore my gown off and ran down the corridor to the loo, dropping my leads on the floor on the way. I dashed into the staff toilet, slammed the door shut and didnty bother locking the door or tunring the light on as I was rapidly nearing loosing control.

When I had my boxers outh the way I let my tortured bladder relax. It felt like niagra falls, And the relife as I offloaded the volume was blessed relife.

*003*2012-08-20 15:30

Thanks Gemmy, glad you liked it :-) it was a lot longer then usual to be in that situation, also due to the nature of the job its really important to keep going. That's the only time anything like that has happened in my experiance.

