Wetting on vacation

Author: ExplosiveTurtlez

*000*2014-09-29 19:31

So during the weekend, I went on a cruise to the Bahamas. The first day was hell for me, having complications with getting on board for the first half of the day, then the other half is me dealing with major motion-sickness. Everything was fine and dandy for the rest of the cruise (though I missed not being able to get on the site for the duration of the trip ;_;). However, I wanted to spice up the getaway with a bit of what I love to do most... If I couldn't get omo material online, then I'd just have to make it myself!

On Sunday, the ship stopped off at Great Stirrup Cay (a private island owned by NCL close to Nassau). The beaches were beautiful and crystal clear. After a rather nauseating ride on the tender to the main shoreline, I could feel my bladder getting rather full (from 3 cups of coffee and some cranberry juice for breakfast). I was definitely in need of a toilet, but I didn't want to use a porta-potty, or expose my junk to the crisp breeze... I wanted to wet myself... right out in the open, under the blistering hot sun. Anyone who was at a beach with a full bladder knows that the ocean is like the world's largest toilet (both figuratively and literally)... I, however, wanted to change it a little. I thought to myself that if I could find a place with few people where I could conceal myself, that I'd sit down and pee right into my bathing suit. That way I could get a visible stain to appear, and not be hidden by ocean water; that would be for when I wash myself later.

It took me some time, but after quite a bit of walking and quite a bit of holding, I found a small cove of rocks that stood close to the water. I shuffled across the jagged surface for a couple more minutes, just to get away from everyone else. I was actually quite surprised at how desolate of an area it was. I spotted one man up on a small hill above from where I stood, shaded by palm trees. His attention was nowhere near focused onto me, but rather more interested with the clear sky, so I thought of him as no threat (and he sat quite a distance away from me anyways). I rested on my knees, and held it in for a bit longer. 

The edges of the rocks dug into my legs, but it didn't really bother me. I slowly began to release myself when a lone person on a canoe rode by. I had to cut off my flow immediately, blushing at the thought of whether they had seen me or not. The person went along their way, none the wiser of my shenanigans. After a little more waiting to confirm that I was in the clear, I let out a faint trickle, which grew into a strong flow. It felt so nice feeling the warmth of my pee spread across my legs, while also listening to the ocean waves (how fitting...).

Once my stream faded, I looked down to observe the mess I made. A large dark patch was clearly visible on my grey bathing suit. I pressed my hand against it, basking in it's warmth. I decided it was time to wash off in the ocean when a conveniently timed wave splashed against my whole lower body, soaking my bathing suit, along with covering up my wet patch. I shrugged cheerfully and slid into the water, enjoying the rest of my vacation.

