Real Morning Wetting

Author: Sarsar

*000*2020-08-12 19:57

I had a real accident last week. I was debating posting it but thought as i get so much from this site it's only fair.

I'm male, mid-30's, 6"1' and slim. I have a housemate. And my bladder is not great.

I woke up with the desperate urge to pee. My bladder is sending little shocks through my body. I have minutes before I wet myself. I throw on a pair of briefs (black) and put on bath robe and run to the toilet. I grab the handle but it's locked. My housemate is in there. I panic. The urge had increased dramatically upon seeing the locked door. I'm doing the 'pee dance' so I dont leak. I feel as though I'm holding my sphincters shut through willpower alone. The idea of wetting myself in front of my housemate as a grown man is humiliating. I decide to pee in the garden. I hobble down the stairs holding myself and I have to squat for a few seconds at the last step to prevent what would have been a fairly large squirt for escaping. The shock is very intense and I could feel my bladder muscles actually quivering.

I dash to the kitchen and to my back door. NO. My neighbor is cutting the bush between our gardens. He will have a perfect view of either me or my humiliation. I am very shy and hate the thought of both options. I'm doing the pee dance energetically now, bouncing almost to the floor. I crouch on the floor and am overwhelmed by a feeling of hopelessness. I need to pee so bad it hurts and there in nowhere for me to go. I'm about to give in when I see my neighbor go inside. YES. I jump to my feet and release a tiny squirt. I clamp down on it but I can feel my sphinters protest. I open the door, place one foot outside and my exhausted mucsles just let go.

I clamp down again but I feel the stream shoot through my underwear, soak the inside of my robe and run down my left leg. I freeze for a second in shock. Oh My God. I'm 34 and wetting myself. I run to my garden, still wetting uncontollably, pull up the soaked leg of my briefs and open my robe. There isnt much left to release, I had emptied about 75% of my bladder down my leg. I run inside before my neighbor sees me and inspect the damage. My black briefs are very obviously wet around the groin and the entire inside left leg. My robe feels very wet but thankfully it doesnt show. My left leg is soaked with the hairs plastered down. I wipe my leg with the inside of my robe and I hear the toilet flush. I wait until I hear their room door slam and I run to my room. I stay in my wet underwear and robe all day, enjoying the wetness.

I have other stories so please let me know if you want to read them

