The Beginning: Making her hold it past the breaking point

Author: MrMakeherWait

*000*2017-01-31 02:53

I'll try to keep this short. I've been naturally Dominant my entire life and in the D/s lifestyle for many years. Of course my love of Omorashi is one of my kinks and I have my very own specific brand of "bladder torture" that I apply inside a relationship. I think in these circles it's more often called "bathroom restrictions". But this post isn't about that.

I've been chatting with an older lady for a while who is trying to find her way in the D/s world (as a submissive). She would periodically hit me up and ask me for advice in her own search. I'm honestly not sure why we never met up or I didn't consider her for myself. Likely because of the age difference (~15 years or so). Eventually we lost touch, but she reached out again to me recently to ask how I was doing. Seems she has recently given up on the search (considering herself too independent). I think perhaps she just never found the right person. She still seems to respect me very much and easily responds to my authority. She definitely has some submissive in her.

During our last conversation she revealed that she did have a Dom once who had restricted her bathroom use and that she had enjoyed it. I don't have her permission (yet) or I'd share the story *exactly* as she told it, so instead I'll summarize it briefly. Essentially she was told to sit and not get up. Periodically she was given water to drink. Eventually of course she became very desperate. This led to her asking and eventually begging if she could get up and go potty many, many times. Each time she was denied. Eventually the inevitable happened and she lost control and flooded her panties. She couldn't even put into words how she felt at the end but she said it was intense.

I asked her which part of the experience she enjoyed and her answer was essentially "all of it". This led to my asking if she would be willing to repeat the experience - but this time in public, with me. She agreed. I suggested the mall as a potential location but told her it would probably be more interesting if she didn't know the location in advance. This terrified her even more, but I think in a good way.

Of course I'm fully capable of inventing my own scenario - but I know some of the people here have the most creative and devious (in a good way) minds when it comes to this kind of thing - so I thought I might post and see if anyone had any ideas of where I should take her and how we should spend out time together. There is an understanding she likely won't be allowed to potty, she'll be drinking plenty of fluids, and that an accident is waiting at the end of the story... but I think other details are pretty much up in the air.

I'll be getting a slightly better idea of her potty habits before this adventure begins but right now it seems like she needs to go every few hours and she usually wakes up multiple times at night to go pee. I don't have a great idea after she feels the urge of how good she is at holding it. The experience she told me about was many years ago when she was much younger. I kind of don't want to know - that will make this first experiment that much more interesting. She didn't mention leaking or wetting herself recently though, so I assume she has reasonable bladder control.

We'd be meeting each other somewhere public-ish, so this (at least the first time) likely isn't going to turn into a road trip. So we will be where we will be - be it the mall, a festival, a movie, etc. So lets avoid anything too elaborate travel-wise. We are in a semi-large city though, so think urban. It's still a little chilly here, but we have had some nice days, so something outside is possible. Hopefully future trips will allow for additional creativity.

I'll be choosing her outfit, of course - though it's likely to be jeans/leggings and a t-shirt or something similar. I'm a casual kind of guy. I'll also be in charge of her "initial state" so things like her last potty break being an hour before leaving, drinking 20oz before walking out the door... or even if she is allowed to run to the potty right as she arrives to start 100% empty. Rules such as those would be mine to decide.

Basically I think I'm asking for ideas about location but if you have any larger ideas (or smaller) about the entire outing or the process itself, please feel free to also share those. I plan to get her permission to share the entire experience with you - so after it's all said and done you should hopefully get a detailed accounting (in story form) of how it all turned out. :-)

Ok, let your minds run wild. :-) I'm very curious to see what you all dream up.

###

Note: This experience is firstly for me and her (and secondly for you guys)... and desperation/accident is the theme. So no suggestions about peeing in a bush or anything that doesn't fit with the whole desperation/accident meme. It's definitely possible the experience could include teasing her (ie, finding a potty and walking by it slowly, pretending I'm considering allowing her to go) or such things though.

*009*2017-04-08 17:16

Thanks for the ideas, but she backed out. She honestly seemed very seriously about it or I wouldn't have gone to all the trouble to post here. Grrrrrr.

