Morning leak during coffee turned into pre-work wetting

Author: omogoshipeed

*000*2021-05-04 13:23

This was my first first wetting in a long time, one of my first times posting my own stories here rather than commenting, and my first time posting pics, so this is officially a no judgement zone

Anyway, the morning started out fairly normal with hitting snooze on my alarm too many times, some quick snuggles with the fiancé and then out of bed to go to the bathroom. Things took a bit of a detour, though, when one of our dogs made it clear he needed to have his morning pee before me...

At first this didn’t seem like a big deal, so I skipped my pee and let him out in the back yard while I started making coffee, still in just my boxers; however, I realized while closing the kitchen door that I had underestimated my need. Nothing too bad, it seemed, but definitely more pressing than originally thought... but something about the pouring water and scooping beans while making the coffee set my bladder off, and immediately I had a need unlike ever before... I tried to focus on the coffee and that mostly worked aside from a couple tiiiiny leaks that were genuinely accidental, which is rare for me. Realizing this was an opportunity for more fun once the fiancé left for work, I grabbed a quick pic in the bedroom before putting on some light grey sweatpants to hide my leak and enhance the fun later...

So for the next 10-15 minutes I’m struggling because I REALLY have to pee, I don’t want my fiancé to see (she knows I’m into pee stuff, but I’m not comfortable wetting in front of her because she doesn’t know all the details yet), and I am wearing grey pants that will absolutely show anything more than a minor leak. Speaking of minor leaks, I did try to pass some gas hoping it would relieve pressure. Rookie mistake, and it cost me a small leak that fortunately wasn’t visible . I finished up the morning routine for the dogs (food, medicine, etc.) clutching my entire core the whole time since I can’t hold with my hands, and think I’m about to get relief because my fiancé is usually heading out the door about this time...

Unfortunately, she’s just now heading to the kitchen at this point, and has decided she is gonna eat a quick breakfast here rather than at work - normally this would be great news, but not today So after she wraps up her stuff and leaves (almost 45 minutes after I leaked in my underwear while making coffee) she leaves and I immediately go upstairs to watch out the window to make sure she has turned at the next block and hasn’t forgotten anything that she’ll need to come back in to get. As soon as the coast is clear, I head to the shower...

As a reminder, by this point I haven’t peed close to 10 hours and have already had a few leaks, so it’s fair to say that I NEED to GO; however, I didn’t wanna be rash and waste a good opportunity- like I said at the beginning, I don’t get the chance to wet too often. So I take it slow at first and release a few slow leaks...

I only got one picture of this part, but I did a few little releases like that before deciding the interest of time (I still needed to shower and log on for work, not to mention a little requisite pleasure after my deeds) that it was time... I finally released my incredibly full bladder, and completely flooded my pants with my morning pee instead of going in the potty like a good boy

My dogs were very concerned (they aren’t allowed to pee in the house, so this was highly confusing for them ) and I pushed them out of the bathroom so I could finish up with some self-touching to some other great stories on this feed before taking my pissy pants and boxers down to the laundry room and hopping back in the shower to clean up. Here are the rest of the pics from my little adventure, and hope you enjoyed the story - I sure did!

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*002*2021-05-05 16:36

{{7 hours ago, tumbry said:

LOL at your dogs. Thanks for sharing.

I just wanted to say though that it might be best to come clean with your fiancee soon. I personally would notice if my husband was uncomfortable and "trying to get me out of the house" so to speak, and I'd be really concerned. Best to be honest.

}}

Oh yeah, for sure - it’s probably worth noting I wasn’t pushing her out of the house or rushing her or anything, just calling out that it delayed the inevitable which tbh added to the fun a little bit. But to your point, I wouldn’t want to do something like this often because of the perception that I want her to leave.

As far as coming clean with what I was doing, we’re working on that with the knowledge that I have some really bad experiences from a prior relationship related to this kink, which makes it hard to open up all at once. It’s pretty much the only thing that we haven’t been totally open about, but she’s aware of the kink and understands that there’s more she doesn’t know about the specifics of what I’m into. It’s a slow process, but we’ll get there. It helps that we’re both very open about other parts of sexuality, from masturbation habits, finding other people attractive, porn consumption, etc. so it’s understood that this is a “me” issue, not an “us” issue.

