My worst pee holding incident

Author: Ridge

*000*2021-02-22 01:26

I decided to write something on this site that the girls and ladies who find male desperation hot enjoy. Don’t worry, I’m still thinking of writing a female centered fiction piece that I will reveal when it is completed. This is not a fiction piece but something that actually happened to me. My absolute WORST incident of having a very full bladder and not being able to relieve it. The worst I’ve ever needed to piss in my life. For the sake of protecting my identity and the identities of others I will not mention names.

This was many years ago back in 2012 when I was grade eleven and sixteen years old. I was feeling very parched and I needed a lot of water before class. Not knowing how much I drunk, I spent at least three to five minutes drinking from a water fountain. The bell rang and that was my cue to go to class, little did I know what watery horror I brought to myself add to the fact that I haven’t had lunch yet.

So I was called into math class, I can’t recall what I was studying at that time, but I was paying attention to the lecture and over time there was urine that was quickly building up in my bladder. I thought I would go after class, but I misjudged just how much water I drank and how much it was accumulating in my body.

The pressure eventually got to a point where I could not focus on the lesson at all and more on the fact that my lower stomach was hurting. It was to the point where I felt like I had a giant rock in my lower abdomen and I could feel that the pressure was also really prominent in the length of my penis. Granted I am good at holding my urine in and never pissed myself since I was about four or five, but OH MY GOD!! It was hurting so bad. The pressure was increasing and increasing and increasing! I felt like I could use my tool as a water hose to fill an entire empty small swimming pool and still not feel any relief from the awful pressure that felt increasingly like a huge bowling ball.

It was not logical to me on how I needed to wait until after class to go piss, wanting me to focus on numbers on a screen when I was in a physical state where I couldn’t because I had a basic human need that really REALLY needed to be fulfilled, feeling like an ocean is in my body. It seemed very counter-productive for my teacher to do that and it was not conducive to my learning. I felt like if I did not leave to pee, I feel like I would be pregnant with it as a dude and that the bowling ball would eventually burst and I’d end up like Tycho Brahe (though it can be debatable on what he actually died from).

This went on for about an hour until my class ended. I walked very slowly because I didn’t want to hurt my stomach. I was in so much pain and when I reached a toilet, I took my dick out and it was nothing but bliss. When I returned, the teacher chastised me for not paying attention to the lesson and I got irate and a little more heated than I should have been which made me a huge asshole for doing so and I got detention for it. Even if she was not in her moral right or of sound mind to do something like that, I took it a bit too far and that detention was on me.

At that point I really feel sympathy for women young and old and even for girls as they have their line ups and not everyone is into this kind of kink. There’s been plenty of instances where I’ve seen young women my age complain about needing a toilet to empty their bladder but have to hold it longer than us guys do because they have longer lines than we do or they otherwise have to hold it because they won’t go in long lines or otherwise won’t piss outside or would rather hold it than use a public restroom.

I feel sympathy because I know that they have gone through the same thing that I did in experiencing a pee emergency, maybe more often and with more excruciating experiences than me. Same time though it’s a bit ambivalent because as much as I want to help relieve them of their pain, young women withholding urine for whatever reason and are in distress over is just really hot to me and I don’t know why. For obvious reasons, I keep this to myself. Speaking of for the ladies reading this, I had a very strong need to pee writing this and I still do.

