My first wetting(s)

Author: Lovak

*000*2018-07-30 22:54

Hey, all, this is my first post instead of lurking, so I figured I'd introduce myself. I like to go by Lo and I'm a 31 year old bi-sexual male living in the US. (By the way, you are the first people besides my wife to know I'm bi! ) I have, apparently, been very interested in wetting myself at a young age.

So, I can't remember how old I was, but I was under ten years old. I had the idea to pee myself in my underwear before I got into the shower. And that's literally all I remember of that memory. Fast forward a few years and I was discreetly peeing in a hole in the couch, again, at younger than ten. Because I was so young I feel uncomfortable giving more details than that.

But now I'll tell the full story of my first wetting while I had a few more years under my belt, pun intended. I was a teenager, probably around 16, maybe 17. I hadn't wet myself or anything else since the couch incident as a child. I had recently enjoyed watching videos of women wetting themselves and realized that I had a fetish. One afternoon I had the urge to pee myself again for the first time in years. I stood in the bathroom in shorts and underwear and I had to go, badly. But years of having trained myself to go nowhere but toilets and outdoors had hardened my reflexes. Try as I may, the nectar of my bladder would not flow. I stood there trying to push it out, but my brain was trowing up a strong barrier. It was as if my inner Jedi was throwing all the Force power it had to restrict the flow.

After a few fruitless minutes not a drop had darkened my boxers. I desperately wanted to feel the warm flow on my legs and groin and let that puddle of liquid form at my feet, but my body would not comply.

I had the idea that, maybe, I could trick my body. Every time I sit to perform Lo's Symphony Number 2 I end up peeing. Therefore, I sat on the toilet, fully dressed. Still, my body would not comply. I forced and pushed and pleaded with my body to let the fluid flow. I coaxed it, in effect saying, "It's okay; we're on the toilet. It's just going to go where it normally goes."

Still, nothing, but I was determined to wet myself. It was one of my fetishes and one that I had not acted on since I realized what it was. I wanted to; I needed to. So, there I sat, pushing, relaxing, trying everything.

And then, magic. After so many frustrating minutes that felt like eternity a slow stream started. It flowed over my scrotum, trailing pleasant warmth, before soaking my boxers and shorts and flowing into the toilet.

I relaxed and let it flow and flow. I felt amazing relief in ever sense of the word. I don't remember what I did after that, but with every wetting it became easier and easier to let it go. Now I barely have to form the thought and it goes. Sometimes I actively have to force myself to hold or else it will flow.

So, there's the story of my first wetting. I hope you all enjoyed it. Thanks!!!!

P.S. Tto let you know, I've been holding this entire post!

