Finally did it

Author: Noonemuch

*000*2016-12-27 14:20

When I was a little girl I used to hold my pee in until I was desperate. I would dance from foot to foot, clutching my crotch trying desperately not to wet my pants. I would do this until I saw someone else head to use the bathroom and then I would pretend to race them there and would always lose.

At this point I felt justified in going outside to pee. I had a yellow wooden chair in our yard, which no one used anymore and I had dragged it up behind our big climbing tree. I would head out towards this seat with my desperately full bladder and take off my pants. Sometimes i would remove my underwear as well but not always. I would sit on that little yellow chair edging towards peeing and then holding it in for as long as I could... until I no longer had control then little by little I would start to pee, feeling it first as dampness in my underwear, then a trickle down my thigh. Sometimes I would then hold my crotch again and pee through my fingers. Eventually I would be sitting in a puddle of pee, smiling with relief and enjoying the warm wetness on my backside. I would sneak inside with my story that someone was using the bathroom all ready to explain why I had wet my pants but no one ever saw me.

I never did it anywhere else but at home, I had to feel comfortable and at ease to be able to let it go in my panties.

I remember one day I was holding it in desperately while playing barbies with my best friend. I think we were about 4 years old. I was waiting for her to go to the bathroom as she had a tiny bladder and always went multiple times while she was at my house. Seeing her finally head for the bathroom I did my fake race to the door but let her get there first. I started to head for the back door but she said not to be silly... we could share.

I was dumbfounded but followed her into the bathroom. She climbed up onto the toilet seat and shuffled over to the side and made room for me. I was desperately bursting, but scared to go in front of her. She started to pee a little and I heard the tinkle of it hitting the water and a little pee came out, wetting my panties. I joined her on the toilet seat, and she said 1, 2, 3 and we both let go, peeing at the same time. When she was done she washed her hands and said come on lets play and left. I sat there for a few minutes thinking about what had happened and holding my crotch. Looking back now that was the first time I sexualized my peeing and the touching that followed was clumsy and inneffective but I was definitely aroused. We never did it again or spoke about it. I went back to my yellow chair plan...

