Accident story

Author: bluenight

*000*2011-12-18 03:43

Here is one of my real life stories from when I was 15 (which will never be told to anyone who I know in real life, because I'm a voyeuristic omo fan – I like it only if it's happening to someone else ^_^). Back in high school, I never used the bathrooms at school, because the bathrooms at our school were really dark and gross. And also we had only 5 minutes between classes, so it was hard just to make it to class before the bell rang. When I did use the school bathroom a couple times, I didn't even have time to wash my hands afterwards (oh noes >_<). I would always put off going to the bathroom until I got home after school, and over the years it became a routine.

Since I was always the first to get home I would get the mail and sort it out. One day while doing this, I felt like I had to pee really bad, and I started to have these strong feelings, that were a lot stronger than usual. I didn't want to stop doing the mail for a trip to the bathroom though, and I was going to be done with the mail in about 30 seconds which left plenty of time, I knew I could wait. But I guess my body was not in agreement, because one second I was standing at the counter looking through the mail, and the next second I was peeing in my pants all of a sudden.

I was shocked and just made a mad dash to the bathroom. I had to go all the way upstairs, cause my biggest fear was that my sister was gonna come home soon. After that, my pants were messed up and I needed to clean the floor. But luckily none of my family members came home until later so no one saw me. I'm still not sure why that happened, but I think it was because my body was tired since I hadn't eaten much that day.

Of course there were other times when I was a lot more "desperate", but I did make it to the bathroom. (makes no sense, I know)

*006*2011-12-20 07:28

Lol, Yes it's really good that my family didn't come home! I was very thankful. ^_^

I also wonder if that was just because of being tired. It was unusual, those really strong "feelings". Never had them again though...

I was wearing red jeans, and yeah, it was really visible. My favorite jeans but after that whenever I wore them it would just give me negative feelings like "I wonder what people would think if they knew that I had peed in these pants."

