Desperate during online class (and almost wet myself)

Author: Maxster

*000*2020-05-19 11:45

I’ve been lurking on this site for a long time but this is the first time ever posting something, so please excuse any mistakes! Also, if you have any tips for next stories/posts, please tell me!

This is something that just happened today.

So i was just going about my day and completely forgot about class, until i looked at the time and saw it was starting in just a few minutes. I kinda felt my bladder, about a 3/10 and hesitated about going to the bathroom first, but I decided i could hold it until after since I figured it wouldn’t take that long. I’ve never been more wrong.

I sat down and joined to meeting, waiting and just sipping my water. 15 minutes passed and still no sign of the teacher, and people were getting kinda annoyed, i just took the time to do my homework. About 30 more minutes passed and the teacher still hasn’t shown up, but we still had to wait for her. I had finished my bottle of water in the meantime and my need had risen to a 6/10 fairly quickly. I decided to wait until after class though, since i was afraid she’d show up just after i’d leave. Besides, i could easily hold it right? I just crossed my legs and tapped my foot, partially because i had to go and partially because i’m an impatient person.

After about 5 more minutes and getting another water bottle, she finally showed up and we started. I was confident that i could hold it until the end. It was pretty hot inside so i kept drinking my water during the lecture. You know how you sometimes look back on something and think “That’s so stupid of me, why did i do that?”? Yeah, that’s how i feel right now. This particular class was an hour long, so i thought it’d be fine since i’ve held way longer than that. I tried to pay attention, but my aching bladder made it really difficult for me.

The hour passed and i was pretty desperate, about a 7.5/10. Holding myself and kinda bouncing in my chair with my legs still crossed. At this point i finished my second bottle. But the teacher didn’t stop, and then it hit me: she said before that she wanted to make it 2 hours since we missed class last week as well, and everyone was fine with it. How could i be so stupid to forget something like that?

That realization made my desperation rise to an 8/10 and i was starting to get nervous, really nervous. I couldn’t go during class, since she always randomly asks people questions, and what if she picks me while i’m gone? And I didn’t want to tell my entire class that I really had to pee either. I had to hold it, i had no other choice. I’ve never been more thankful that we could leave out webcams off. All hope on following the lecture was abandoned at this point.

30 more minutes passed, i was at an 8.5/10 and doing everything i could to hold myself. I usually let myself go before i reach this point during intentional holds. Suddenly, i felt a spurt escape. I panicked, but luckily it was just a small spurt, a tiny spot on my jeans formed but it wasn’t noticeable. Not that it mattered, since i was home alone anyway.

But then i heard those glorious words: “We’ll stop for now, see you all next week”.

I left the meeting asap and practically slammed my laptop closed(that’s an exaggeration, so don’t worry it’s fine). I doubled over as i stood up and another spurt escaped, bigger this time. For a second, i thought i was gonna lose it right there. But i was determined and hobbled my way to the bathroom.

I think my bladder knew that release was close, as another big spurt escaped as soon as i saw the toilet. This time the spurt was big enough it ran down my leg. But i still wasn’t going to give up, so I basically ripped my pants down and sat down on the toilet. The relief i felt was amazing and i moaned as I finally let go.

