My most memorable desperation sighting!

Author: ThatGirl

*000*2016-09-07 06:09

This is my first post on here :) ....one of my favorite Omo categories is witnessed wettings. I was browsing through some of the posts in this section and wanted to share an experience I had a few years ago.

I was in the car with several girlfriends, on our way to a popular night club. We were old enough to get into the club, but not old enough to drink (it was 18 to enter) therefore, we had gotten together beforehand to drink before we left (all except the driver). There was this one girl with us...I want to say her name was Megan, but I could be wrong...she was a friend of a friend and I didn't know her too well, but I remember her being really sweet. She had long brown hair and a curvy body with a pretty face, and she wore tight jeans with a black cropped top. 

Anyway, "Megan", who was sitting in the back with me, must have either forgotten to pee before we left, or her drinks went right through her or something. Because just a few minutes into the drive she asked if we could stop somewhere to pee. My friend was in the driver's seat – we'll call her "Ashley" – and we were coming from her house which was miles away from the city, about 45 minutes from where we were going. I remember Ashley saying, "Can you wait until we get there?" I'm not sure why...looking back now, I think she probably had a pee fetish as well. Megan reluctantly nodded, but it was obvious she was growing increasingly uncomfortable as we drove on.

From there on, Megan would say something every few minutes about how badly she needed to pee. I know if it was me driving, I would have stopped...because as much as her struggle had my attention, I wouldn't have had the heart to keep that poor sweet girl from peeing when she clearly was in dire need. But Ashley was determined to get there without stopping, apparently, so she would just reassure her with "We're only 20 minutes away now...just 15 more minutes...only ten minutes now", etc. I tried really hard not to make it obvious as I watched her, squirming and bouncing in desperation with one hand pressed tightly to her crotch. But I don't think she noticed at all because she really seemed to be focusing all her energy on not peeing herself. 

By the time we got into the city, she had unbuckled her seat belt, and undid the top button of her jeans so they wouldn't be pressing as hard into her swollen bladder. She continued to hold her crotch and squeeze her legs together tightly while watching anxiously out the window, probably trying to determine how much longer it would be before we arrived. As we made the final turn and started down the long street leading into the parking lot, she told Ashley that she really didn't think she would be able to make it into the club. She begged her to park in the back so she could just hop out and pee in the parking lot. Ashley was not too keen on this idea, though. I don't recall exactly what she said, but I think she was concerned about drawing attention to ourselves because we had been drinking and weren't of age.

As we pulled into the parking lot, Megan was looking more worried than ever. She insisted again that our friend park in the back, which she finally agreed to. Ashley pulled into a spot, and Megan was fumbling around trying to get the door open before she even had it in park. Ashley was STILL trying to persuade her to just hold on a few more minutes, until we could get inside and get to a restroom. But Megan was already jumping out, her legs tightly crossed together, frantically trying to unzip her jeans and wiggle them down far enough with just one hand. In an ideal situation I may never get to witness again, her tight jeans were putting up a lot of resistance. She was yanking on her jeans while doing a wild pee dance and apologizing to Ashley, saying she would've waited if she could.

I watched shamelessly from behind as she finally got her pants and panties pulled down to the top of her thighs. She obviously wanted them down further than that, but clearly didn't have time because she suddenly stopped trying and quickly squatted down, releasing a hissing stream onto the concrete that went on for an incredibly long time. When she was finally done, she stood up and pulled her pants back up, her face beet red but looking majorly relieved. As we headed across the parking lot, I noticed a large wet spot in the back of her jeans, extending down from the belt loops. I'm pretty sure she started peeing before she could sit down all the way and the stream had hit her jeans as she was trying to get into a squat. That, or she didn't have them down far enough and the stream was forceful enough to shoot forward and soak them before she could aim it downward.

It was not the only situation I've ever witnessed, but it was for sure the best.

