Michael's Story (Part I)

Author: TheMemeGenerator

*000*2011-03-07 05:41

~Michael's First Experiences~

Michael was about 12 years old when he'd had his first real "wetting" experience, but it was one he would not easily forget.

It was the summer of 1994. When a wealthy relative had died and left a vineyard estate in northern California, his poor mother had been willed off control of it; just like that, they had seemingly become rich. While the owner of the yard, his uncle, Jerome, had been a magnate and knew how to produce good wines that would sell, he had unfortunately become ill due to a heavy drug overdose and a bout with pancreatic cancer, both contributing causes to his early 30's death and Michael's mother's sorrow. Luckily for her, she was his only direct sister and close relative, so she got the largest share of the inheritance. While not all of it had been given to her, a small portion had been settled for some of Jerome's other family, who had lived in Arkansas. Following the events of his death, much property arranging had to be done, so Michael and his family, as well as the relatives from far away, had been flown complementarily to discuss the matters at the estate.

At the estate, both families found out much more paperwork needed to be done than expected, so they planned to stay awhile. Michael's mother, Caren, had the most work of all. It overwhelmed her, and during her visit she would often scold the kids to go outside and refrain from bothering her. Considering there was a large backyard and pool behind the initial mansion, none of them much minded.

There were six of them. Michael had one sister, Hailey, who was 7, and they had four cousins who were there, three girls and one boy, all younger than Michael. They got along well, overall, but tended to keep secretive around each other. None of them had ever met until now.

During one of Caren's stress-borne conniption fits, all six children were sent outside to play in the pool. The sun was baking and there was a large topiary garden and pool house nearby, so there was plenty of room and it was the perfect time to do just that. They all went to the pool house to change into swimsuits; girls in one half, boys in the other, just as it should be. Michael ran into one problem, however: he had forgotten his swimsuit.

They boy cousin was only 9, and even if he'd had a spare suit, it would be much too small to fit properly around Michael; that is, if he wanted any sort of visual "protection". So poor Michael had to either swim in his underwear, if he'd wanted to join the others, or he'd have to do nothing of the sort at all. He was in a quandary. But, even for being poor, he had enough sense and wisdom to know that it is often risky to expose oneself, even in a covered way, to anyone outside your immediate family. He definitely did not want to be swimming and walking around in tighty-whitey briefs.

While he contemplated, the others left for the pool. Looking outside the changing room door, he saw that no one else was swimming in underwear either, so he would not know how they would react if he was the first to try it. Everyone else save for his sister, Hailey, had semi-elegant bathing suits on, which emphasized the fact that he was poor (until this point). Something else dawned on him: he had to go to the bathroom. And, unfortunately for his case, the pool house had no toilets or urinals, not even a bidet in the girls' half.

The only rest areas were outside in the bushes, the pool, and the house itself. If he'd wanted to use any of those, he would have to walk outside and at least expose himself temporarily until he got inside, and that was where the adults were, which would not go over well at any time. He thought to himself to redress and go back in. The only problem with that was, his nine-year-old cousin had taken both their clothes and towels to the pool! There was nothing for him to cover up with, and no way to step outside the door without becoming totally embarrassed. And, while he walked around the bare room in panic, his need to urinate was getting worse.

The minutes passed. The other kids called to him, wondering what was taking so long. He knew that outside lay certain death, so to speak. As he pranced about the pool house, he got another idea. At the top of the rear wall, was a small ventilation window. If he could crawl through that, then he would be behind the pool house in the bushes, and no one would see him doing his dirty work. It had to work, he thought. So he got up on the bench, opened the window, and gave it a try.

Getting through the window was harder than he thought. While it was plenty big enough to fit him through, it was high up and awkward to get to. He had to make several attempts of pulling himself up and over it, all the while his bladder growing worse with pain. After attempting his daring crawl for almost twenty minutes, he knew he could not hold it much longer. He had never been in a situation where ha had had to "hold it in" for a long time, so he didn't have much practice.

Finally, after many unsuccessful leaps for the window, he managed to crawl himself up and through the sill, rolling out backwards and landing into the bushes. They cushioned his blow well, but they scratched his back and tugged at his briefs underwear, tearing several small gashes and holes in his sole covering. When he gathered himself, he prepared to pee, but noticed something in the corner of his eye. It was one of his cousins, a small girl in a pink swimsuit named Jaynee. She was probably around 8 years old. She had gone behind the bushes, and it looked like she was sitting down or squatting before he startled her. They were both surprised to see each other there.

"Michael? What are you doing here?" she asked abruptly. She kept her voice soft when se said it. "H-how did you get here?"

He stuttered. "I-I-I was just, ummm... coming back here to well, umm, go to the bathroom. I didn't want to go in the pool."

"Where have you been? We've been waiting for you. And really, how did you get here?" He noted the blocked pathway of bushes just past where he'd fallen; they didn't go any further.

His voice was hesitant. "Well, I, uh, kinda... jumped through that window. I lost my clothes." What he'd just said didn't register in his own brain.

"Nice. I can see that," she said with a chuckle. He covered himself with his hands, but she had already seen him in underwear, so it didn't matter much. "I just came back here to do the same thing. I didn't want to use the... pool either."

Something in her voice calmed him down. He released his hands to his side, meanwhile forgetting his own insensate urge to pee.

"Hey, you wanna see something cool?" she asked, out of the open.

With a little refrain in his voice, he uttered a quiet "Sure".

Then, all of a sudden, she sat back down behind the bush, dropped the bottom of her swimsuit and took it off her ankles, and lifted her swim dress to expose a piece of clean, white underwear, wetted from the water of the pool along with everything else she had on. She lifted herself to be propped in a squatting position on her feet, and still lifting the top of her pink swim dress to well-above her underwear line, sat there, her loins perfectly exposed in the female version of the exact same thing Michael was wearing. Apart from her panties underwear, she was perfectly naked from the waist down, and it didn't provide much coverage when wet.

"Umm, Jaynee? What are you doing?"

"Just watch," she said succinctly. Maybe five seconds later, maybe ten, when she was relaxed enough, a faint hissing sound eminated from her. Her clean white panties turned a deep yellow on the very bottom, and it slowly crept up her front pane, before a long, fast stream of beautiful yellow urine shot out from underneath her. It flowed, as if gushing, out from her for about thirty seconds, but it seemed like an eternity. Michael watched with dubious curiosity, seeing it shoot out of her vagina, and landing in a large, clear puddle on the grassy earth.

"Ahhh," she said after a little while, "it feels so good."

Michael, while intrigued and curious, blurted out the first thing that came to his mind. "Why did you do that?"

She was quick to reply. "I just told you, didn't I? Come on you try it. It's fun!"

"No, I could never..." but then, right as he said that, he remembered how desperate he was for a wee and involuntarily grabbed himself. She noticed, and laughed a little. "Ohhh!" he cried.

"Heh, are you sure?" she said, staring at his desperation.

"Maybe not," he said, almost in tears. "I'll just go in this corner."

"No!" she jumped. "You have to try it! Besides, I did it for you. You'll like it."

He turned around facing her. "Maybe you're right. But give me a minute..."

Hi didn't even need that. Right as he said it, he gripped himself one more time, jumped a little, and a fountain of yellow liquid started bubbling right from the tip-top of his underwear and through his hands. He was wetting himself. It was full-force, too: With Jaynee, her pee was at the bottom of her underwear, and had faded a little bit with the water already soaked into the cloth. With Michael, he was completely clean and dry, and his man downstairs was aimed upwards, so it covered him completely, front to back, even going so far as to moisten his butt. His fountain blasted it's way to freedom for almost a minute, much longer than Jaynee's had, and soaked his hands, his loins, and his legs, trickling down to form a very deep puddle at his feet. His face turned beet red, and he cried a little as he stayed standing, frozen in that position.

"Wow..." commented Jaynee, "I didn't think you had it in you."

"Neither did I," he said, gasping a little from embarrassment. "That's never happened before."

Just then, Jaynee got an inquisitive look on her face. "What is that... down there?"

Looking down, he realized that his penis had turned into a full-blooded erection. He hadn't even noticed it was there until she noticed it, and he couldn't recooperate when the man downstairs had woken up. Michael, being 12 at the time, wasn't used to such things happening.

"I-I don't know. That's never really happened to me before, either." It felt strange to him.

Jaynee, still mostly naked from the waist down, leaned forward as if mesmerized by it. She didn't know what boys had, and felt provoked somehow to touch it. Michael gasped in surprise as she did so, and she looked up, seeing his face agape.

"D-Do that again," he said, unsure of what happened. She'd touched him delicately, but all he knew was, it felt good. So she did.

Again, he gasped, this time a little stronger. She doodled her finger up and down the shaft, and it made him feel a sense of power he'd never had before. She caught on that whatever she was doing, he liked it, so she kept doing it, a little enthralled herself.

Minutes passed by. Everyone else was still in the pool, but they'd seemed to forget about the two missing comrades. Behind the bushes and behind the pool house, Jaynee slowly rubbed Michael through his "trousers", going a little bit faster and a little bit faster with time. Neither one of them could explain it, but it proved enjoyable for both of them.

After a little while, Michael's body began to tremble. He laid down on the grass, keeping himself upright in a reclined position with his arms. Jaynee's curiosity got the better of her, and she pulled down Michael's underwear, despite a few short protests from him. "I don't think it matters now," she defended. “It's not like you're hiding from me.” So caught up in the moment, he let her do whatever she wanted, and she pulled down his soiled yellow briefs to reveal a thin emerging patch of pubic hair on both sides of what was then a 3-4-inch-long rock-hard penis. It wasn't much, but it sure kept her interested more than enough for the time being.

As she sped up, now with her hand encircling the juvenile extension, she could see and feel Michael's body growing hotter and hotter. Every now and then, he would simply gasp, "Keep doing that, keep doing that" and she would follow. Sometime around a half-hour later, he began jumping up and down in exasperation on the grass, and his legs would carry him high into the air, while still lying down. It was a bigger and better experience than anything he ever though possible.

A few seconds later, he felt a stranger feeling than anything he'd ever known. His genitals buzzed and tingled, as if to pee, but as if not to, at the same time. It alarmed him.

"Stop!" he burst out suddenly. "I've got to pee! Now!" She jumped back a little, but kept her hand on it.

"Just go here!" she whispered, loudly.

"No! I can't! I've got... to..."

He tried to get up, but found he couldn't. His legs would not let him. Jaynee massaged him more, and his whole body grew rigid and focused. His loins burned with fury as he tried to fight back a pee so hard and difficult and unwilling to cooperate that it burned with more intensity and fury of like any other urination he had had before. He felt his shaft fill with more urine than ever before, and he wanted so desperately to let it out. But it would not come out. It stayed inside him, prolonging the inevitable as Jaynee quietly stroked, until his pee finally decided to come out.

Only it wasn't pee.

A white, watery substance shot out from him with more force than his urine ever did. It blasted out of his tip and landed about one foot up, making a trail right below his neck. He vibrated for several seconds before releasing another stream of it, which landed with just as much force and trickled down his chest. They felt it; it was sticky. Neither one of them had seen it before or knew what it was. Michael examined it as it slid past his belly button and into his pre-soiled pubic hairs. Jaynee was surprised by what had happened. She thought of tasting just a tiny bit, to figure out what it was (as if she would know even then) but, after a brief pause for reflection, they decided it would be better to just leave it as it was and go back to the pool. Forgetting her bottom bathing suit, she stood up and started walking back out to the others, but not before saying "I'll get you a towel".

Michael luckily noticed. "Wait! What about your bathing suit?"

"Oh don't worry," she told him, comfortingly. "I go around like this a lot around the others. They're cool with it."

Michael, surprised, gasped as she deliberately left her suit where it was and walked right out to the others, risking them seeing her wet undies. He heard them say to her, "Where have you been? We've been waiting for you for like an hour!"

Casually, she just said, "Oh, I had to take a poop, but I didn't want to go inside."

They bought it, and one of them said, "Did you wet your pants?" Obviously they had noticed.

"Yeah, I couldn't hold it all in before I got to the bushes." One girl said, "Oh well, it happens," and they bought it too.

Michael recognized Hailey's chipper young voice saying, "Have you seen Michael? He was supposed to be here a long time ago."

Jaynee covered by saying "Yeah, we played hide-and-seek tag for awhile. I just found him. Be right back."

Next thing, Jaynee was back behind the pool house and handed him a clean towel. He did his best to clean himself up, but the semen stuck to the towel like a spider web and wouldn't let go. Figuring no one would notice, he finished wiping down, pulled his dirty underwear back on, and wrapped the towel around his waist for camouflage. Jaynee grabbed her wet bathing piece and they went to join their friends/relatives in the pool, who had been anxiously waiting for them. Not wanting anyone to see what he had done, Michael quickly threw his towel to the ground as soon as he arrived, and dived into the water before anyone had a chance to notice he was wearing nothing but soiled briefs with a bulge in front. To his grace, no one noticed, but he kept at the far end of the pool for the rest of the day until his erection had subsided, and his briefs had had time to wash out.

No one noticed. All was well.

End of Part I~

