Wetting at a public rest area in zip tied jeans

Author: BlondeyXO

*000*2022-04-10 19:49

A few years ago I decided to act on one of my biggest fantasies and it turned into one of the most embarrassing moments of my life.

In the summer time, I decided to do a desperation challenge in the car. For this challenge I was to perform rapid desperation and drive a distance of 2 hours while having my jeans zip tied shut in a way that would prevent me from taking them off without scissors, which I did not have with me anywhere in the car. Additionally, as a precaution, I placed a towel underneath me in case I didn’t make it.

Before heading out, I was sure to first prep my bladder by getting it used to an increasingly shorter and shorter holding rhythm, and then when I began my trip I overloaded it on 2 huge ice coffees.

During the first 45 minutes or so of the drive, I felt fine and was worried that I did not drink enough to make this a true challenge, however, I could not have been more wrong. About 15 minutes later, a total of around 1 hour into the trip, I was hit with a HUGE wave of desperation and I got quite a bit worried. I was only half way home and I was suddenly on the verge of fully peeing my pants! Another 15 minutes passed and I realized that I was definitely not going to make it home before I had an accident. Since, in the end, I really did not want to have a huge accident in my car I decided to pull off to the nearest rest area and discreetly pee my pants out of sight and get back on my trip home. 

I frantically loaded up my GPS to route me to the nearest rest area, and let me tell you, I BARELY made it there. However, when I pulled in, my stomach dropped. This was perhaps the MOST packed rest area I have ever seen. At a time of 8pm, I was fully expecting an empty or nearly empty area, but there was around 15 people milling around all over the main area. As I continued to look around the area, it became clear that there was no side nature area that I could slip into; only a well lit main area was available. I was on the verge of tears. I was fully helpless in my situation and had to pick not if but WHERE I was going to pee my pants. My three options were:

1] Stay in my car absolutely soaking the towel under me and possibly soaking my car seat in the process (which I did not want to do, as it was my every day car)

2] Stay out to the main area and completely humiliate myself wetting my light jeans in front of everyone

3] Go into the bathroom and pee through my pants, minimizing the damage and my humiliation

After some thought, I decided to go with option 3. I ran into the first stall I saw and completely let go. After peeing for what felt like minutes, I was left with my the entire butt area of my jeans completely soaked and clearly peed in but the rest of my pants completely dry.

Unfortunately, my nightmare was not over, I was still faced with perhaps the most humiliating moment of my life; walking out through a crowd of people with clearly peed in pants. With my heart pounding in my ears, I worked up my courage and hurried out of the bathroom. But just as I opened the bathroom door to leave, another person walked in past me and I could see them give me a weird look and even turned around to do a second take. They had CLEARLY seen that I had peed my pants. With a beat red face, I kept walking and hurried the rest of the way to my car, unsure if anyone else saw what I had done, leaving immediately.

I had the remaining hour of my drive home to think about what I just experienced and the humiliation I had just endured, all while sitting in my soaked jeans.

*003*2022-04-13 03:03

{{On 4/11/2022 at 9:50 AM, GreenChile said:

So hot! Would you ever try that again?

}}

I actually haven’t tried the car challenge again BUTTTTTTT rapid desperation is my favorite way to hold. Always room to be creative

*004*2022-04-13 03:04

{{On 4/11/2022 at 10:59 AM, OmegaButtercup said:

Wow that's hot! I would love to try that. I think I'd love hopping out of my car, peeing in front of a big crowd, then hopping back in my car and driving off.

}}

Thank you it definitely was fun. After all multiple years it still is my favorite omo memory!

