Two public 5 hour holds in one day PLUS wetting at the end

Author: yaosaka

*000*2019-11-27 01:53

Alright this is going to be a long read and a hella rollercoaster but bare with me, it's worth it i promise!

So for context it doesn't matter what i really look like but i'm 5'4" ish maybe like 140, bottom heavy. my house has a front entrance next to the garage door where my dad's car is parked and a porch on the 2nd floor around back with stairs up to it.

So i started a new job today in food service and it was basically just 6 hours of sitting and doing training videos. i went to the bathroom before i left my house at like 8:30 am. when i was at work i had a small iced americano and half of my 40ish ounce bottle of water. i started to feel a little something but ignored it bc i was honestly just focused on the videos. at around like 1ish i went out for a cigarette with a coworker. after i came back in i figured i'd go pee real quick but the door was locked so i just went back to the videos.

It was pretty obvious to me that i had to go now that i was up and walking but i ignored it, i only had 2 hours left. by 2pm i could feel my bladder was hard as a rock and i didn't know if my desperation would be noticeable by the time i left. i had done all these training videos at the last location i worked at and i had breezed through almost all of them. my manager was leaving and she said i could leave too and by golly i took that offer. i refilled my water bottle and left.

After the 20 minute car ride home i was starting to really feel it, maybe like a 6/10. i usually call my friend in the morning but since i was at work i decided to call when i got home. we're usually on the phone forever so i decided to pee (i hate going to the bathroom on the phone with people) but they ended up having to do errands so it was a short call. either way i wouldn't have been able to hold anymore since my dad came home and i didn't feel like getting caught. so fast forward to 5ish pm. i needed to go to my previous job to pick up a check, go to walmart and get some shirts for work, then get gas. i had already drank half of my water so i refilled it and headed out. i got a large latte when i grabbed my check and managed to finish it and the whole bottle of water by the time i got to walmart 30 minutes later. when i left my house i already had to pee but maybe a 4/10. as i was walking around the store it all hit me and suddenly i was at a 6/10.

I decided to walk around for a bit more and peruse the makeup isle. with every step i felt the desperation get worse. i decided then to go check out and get gas. i bought another 20oz bottle of water and when i got back to my car to transfer it into my metal one to keep it cold i literally spilled some in my lap and now my crotch and ass were wet... which didn't help. by now it was 6:15 and almost 4 hours since i last went to the bathroom. i really wanted to push myself this time so i took the back way to my town and then got on the highway and went 2 more towns over to get gas. the second i stepped out of the car the cold hit me and i couldn't stop squirming. i was so focused on how bad i had to go i didn't realize i was already done filling the tank. i went inside the gas station to the bathroom to assess my need and decide if i wanted to go or hold it more.

It was 7pm and i was at an 8/10 but i decided to keep going. when i headed out i again took the back way to my town and then got on the highway and went 3 exits over just to turn around and go back on the side roads. i really wanted to see how far i could go. once i got off the exit i could feel the ache in my lower back and every time i lifted my foot to hit the brake i felt a wave of desperation hit me. i took out my phone and started recording.

It was 10 minutes to home. I really thought i was going to lose it. every bump jolted my aching bladder and i was at a solid 9/10. i kept getting these super intense waves of desperation and my crotch was throbbing. i wasn't full on leaking but my panties were damp. i somehow managed to make it home but unfortunately my dad was taking out the recycling so i gathered all my strength and made it up the back stairs, said a few words to my parents and went to my room. every movement was a struggle. i was so close to wetting myself i knew i didn't want to waste it. my sisters bf was in the shower so i couldn't wet in the upstairs bathroom and to my dismay my mom was using the downstairs one. i literally had to go so bad i couldn't stand up straight so i had one option: go outside and smoke a cigarette. i changed out of my sneakers and jeans and put on some black leggings and slippers.

I went out the back door onto the porch without the light on bc i didn't want anyone to see. i was bursting, bladder screaming at me oh my God it hurt so much. i knew i couldn't hold it much longer but the thought of getting caught made me nervous. i walked to the bottom of the stairs and weighed my options. i could've gone under the porch but someone could've seen the flashlight when i took a video. i thought about going behind the camper but it was the same problem and more noticeable, same with trying to go in the woods. i was running out of time. i kept feeling the throbbing and my muscles were getting tired. i could feel my palm getting damp as i desperately held myself trying not to lose it right there.

Right before i felt like i couldn't take it anymore i ran around to the front and lit my cigarette. i was about to burst at any second. i got my phone out to take a video but i had to go so bad i didn't set it up or anything i just held it aimed at my legs. i kept hearing and seeing cars come down the street and i was so paranoid that someone was going to come home or down either set of stairs i just couldn't let it go. i made it through the cig and hobbled over to throw it in a bucket and by the time i walked over into the corner i could feel the first dribble coming out. i was shaking and sweating and whimpering it literally hurt so bad.

It wasn't long before i leaked again and again with more coming out each time. everyone in my house was awake and i didn't want to have to take that walk of shame with wet pants but in the next breathe my muscles just let go and i exploded. i yanked my leggings down with one hand but didn't manage to grab my panties. i tried to squat down in between the garage door and the car but it was too late, i was peeing with such a force it went everywhere. i managed to take off my slippers but everything else was soaked. luckily the leggings were black but it was so cold out there was steam coming off my legs.

By the time i was done i went to go back inside but when i went around back the light was on and someone was on the porch. my dripping wet leggings were starting to cool on my legs and i starting to get super cold. i literally stood there for 5 minutes trying to figure out what the hell i was going to do. i peeled off my socks and grabbed my slippers and ran upstairs trying to avoid my parents and went straight into the bathroom to take a shower. i must've timed it right bc my roommate had to have just come out, the mirrors were still foggy. threw my pants and socks and stuff in the tub and rinsed em off, took a nice hot shower and now here i am. that was probably the closest call ever. 15 more minutes on the road and i would've been toast.

Anyways hope u all enjoyed my story!

$$

$$

*005*2019-12-02 15:46

{{On 12/1/2019 at 9:44 AM, Nils JD said:

That's such an amazing experience, story and pic! I really love it.

You managed to take off your slippers this time.

Have you ever got your shoes wet?

}}

Never soaked by definitely wet

