True Vacation Desperation

Author: NRPs72

*000*2021-03-12 18:02

This is my first time writing a story, and posting here! All events are 100% true. Let me know what you think and if i should share more stories!

A few years back, I was on vacation with my girlfriend at the time. With our hotel being in the heart of the city, we would go to a new restaurant practically every night. This particular night, we decided to go to an authentic Thai restaurant a few streets down we had heard has amazing reviews. Being someone who has never had Thai food, I was excited to be able to try it! It was about to be the meal that led me to become the most desperate to pee in public I have ever been. Being in a hot location, you had to ensure you stayed well hydrated...I was drinking a lot more water than I typically did for that entire week, which is why I blame my bladder for being weaker than usual.

With such nice weather outside on that summer night, we decided to walk the few blocks through the store filled city streets to the restaurant. Little did I know just how tortuous a walk could become and how much I would regret this decision in a few hours time. The food was delicious. Chicken, noodles, fried vegetables, rice...still steaming hot on your plate! But oh man, was it spicy. My partner had no problem with hot foods as she eats it often, but as a little Irish man myself, I was not used to those kinds of spices and heat. I nearly had to take a sip of water after every bite! Since this was a traditional restaurant, they used authentic “cups”. They weren’t your typical glasses, they were practically hand sized silver bowls. I felt my embarrassment increase every time I had to ask for another refill of water. I really lost track of how much I drank, but by the time we finished up eating dinner, I had already gone to the restroom twice.

As we were waiting for our check, we got caught in conversation with the people at the table next to us; a sweet old couple from Australia. By the time we had paid and finished talking, I already felt a small pressure in my bladder again. Sneakily (at least I think), I loosened my belt a notch under the table. With the time now late, I figured we were heading straight back to the hotel. I decided to ignore the rapidly growing tension around my waistband, as I was afraid my partner would make fun of me for going a third time at the restaurant. Giving myself a quick squeeze under the table, we get up to start the 3 street walk back to the hotel.

Walking down the night street, figuring most stores are closed at this hour, my girlfriend happens to see a shirt she loves in the window of a store. To my surprise...they are still open, and she excitedly rushes in ahead of me. With walking continuing to make me feel the contents of my bladder bounce around with every step, the pressure builds. I do a deep sigh, preparing to find and follow her around the 2 story clothing store, knowing this won’t be a short endeavour. Quickly scanning the first floor, I don’t see her, or a sign for bathrooms. I rush up to the second floor in hopes of a bathroom up there. I did a double take around the floor. No luck. The utter disappointment sends a shock to my crotch. I must have gone red in the face trying not to groan. I did see a store worker though, I approached and tried to cooly ask if they had restrooms.

“No. We don’t have public restrooms, sorry.”, she responded as she robotically went back to folding pants. Embarrassingly, as I turned around to walk away I let out a desperate frustration sigh that was much louder than anticipated. I didn’t turn around to see if the worker noticed. Seeing my girlfriend in an aisle on the first floor, I rushed down the stairs to her, a jolt with every step down. I had to admit it. “Babe, I’m bursting, we have to leave.” I looked around the aisle and loosen my belt another notch. Now 2 sizes too big, it stuck out far off of my pants, it was so noticeable and ridiculous looking. Thankfully it was close to closing time and there weren't many people in the store. I look at her in the eyes desperately, close to building tears, and shoving my hands into my pockets. She gave me a smile. An evil one. The one of someone who knew exactly what was happening. I began questioning her motives of wanting to come into the store in the first place. 

With an armful of clothes already, I figured she already found what she originally came in for. Begging her to hurry to the checkout, she says “I still haven’t found that shirt yet!”I let out a sigh, that turned out to be more of a whine. She rolls her eyes at me. After walking down a couple more aisles, I can feel I’m reaching my breaking point, and still need to get back to the hotel! “I can’t take it anymore, I’m going back to the hotel!”, I blurt hunched over a little, it was starting to get hard to stand. I couldn’t risk a stranger seeing me do a pee dance, or grabbing myself. This was pure abdominal, thigh muscles and will power. I start to walk away, when my girlfriend shouts, “forgetting something, love?!”. She had the only keycard to the hotel room. Dammit. She finally gives in to my desperation and agrees to checkout. Walking over, she hands me her clothes pile and says “I forgot my wallet, you’ve got it right baby?” with a wink. She knows I can never say no.

She walks down to see the accessories at the end of the checkout lane. I continue to pay, thankfully thinking I got the building pressure under control for another few moments, and happily think about what I get to see my girl try on later. As the cashier hands me the bag, she sneaks over and wraps her arm around my waist. There was no hiding the gasp that came out and my eyes bulging open for a second. After that gasp, I involuntarily held that breath in. I quickly sped out of the store. A moan escaped as soon as I walked through the doors and let go of that breath. It’s a miracle I didn’t even leak. I continued walking to the hotel as fast as I could, seeing the light poles of the entrance just a street away. My girlfriend ends up having to run up to catch up with me. 

Giggling when she gets next to me, knowing exactly what she just did. “I don’t think I’m gonna make it.” is the only thing I could get out. I grab my crotch, nearly being brought to my knees trying to keep the incoming flood in just a couple minutes longer. I can no longer stand up straight. I could no longer ignore the constant throbbing in my pants. I frantically look around at all the shops with no lights on. Getting to the hotel is my only choice now. Waiting at the crosswalk that was right before the hotel, starting to feel the sweat dripping down my face, I knew I had 3 more major challenges ahead of me. The first being the water fountain in the lobby of the hotel. I shamelessly ran past the water fountain and around the corner to the elevators. This is where the second challenge is, our room was on the 21st floor.

Shuffling side to side, waiting for the elevator could have been one of the worst parts. Thankfully hopping in was just the two of us, I fall to my knee while gripping my crotch with both hands. This was it. There was no way I could let go and be dry again. “Oh no”, I blurt out as I remember. The third and final challenge in my way. The shitty hotel doors get sticky and are really hard to get open. My girlfriend usually wasn’t strong enough to knock it open, I would have to give it a good shoulder bash. There was no way I could exert any force without absolutely pissing myself right then. Wobbling over to the door, both hands still gripping my floodgates shut, I beg her to open the door. Desperate “please’s” came out uncontrollably, I must have sounded like a little boy, which was soon confirmed by the teasing names and phrases my girlfriend started saying to me as she struggled to shove the door open.

“Aww, the big boy can’t hold it? Don’t forget to take off those shoes young man, you don’t want to dirty up the room. You know how I feel about whining.” As soon as I heard the door crack open, I ran in. Nearly knocking over my girlfriend in the process. I couldn’t wait. Totally ignoring the warning about removing my dirty shoes I had received just seconds ago. If I stopped to take my shoes off, there would be an even bigger mess to deal with. The moans starting coming out nonstop as soon as I saw the toilet. I knew as soon as I let go of my double handed grip, I’m only going to have a few seconds to take my belt and pants off, if any time at all. For a split second, I debated giving in the easy way and bursting in the shower. But I couldn’t. I had to save the embarrassment.

This was a fetish I had only recently admitted the true scale of to my girlfriend, and this was a totally unexpected hold. If it wasn’t for the fact I had loosened my belt earlier in the night, I wouldn’t have made it, the tightening of having to remove a fitting belt would have squeezed my bladder, and even a wind too strong could have made me burst in that moment. Somehow I was able to remove the belt and bottoms down in time to explode freely into the toilet. Only a minor leak was in my underwear. 

Panting heavily, unsure of when I even stopped moaning, the relief was near orgasmic. I couldn’t believe I was able to make it to the toilet mess free. With my sore, but empty, bladder, I slowly shuffled into the bedroom, where my girlfriend was patiently waiting with a new pair of underwear, pants, and socks for me. Almost like she was expecting me to have bursted this whole time, huh? I hastily put the new clothes on...now worried what my punishment will be for not taking off my shoes will be.

