Accidental leaking plus spilled pee

Author: electronical

*000*2022-03-26 08:00

I'm a 5'7 skinny white guy with brown hair to give you something to imagine. On Friday, I decided to get a 20oz Mountain Dew before heading over to my last pickup of the day at work. Today was slow, so I ended up getting there an hour and a half early. I tried to wait around at the place I bought the soda bc I had already drank a quarter of it. after about 20 mins I didn't feel the need to pee so I left.

Surprise surprise about 40 mins in and I got a nearly full bladder. Normally at places I pickup from there is a bathroom readily available/ This place is the rare exception. All their doors are locked, and they play really loud music inside the warehouse. Alot of them have earphone in too. This makes it damn near impossible to get their attention to open the door. You can bang on it extremely hard, and no one will come to the door. Anyway, Sometimes they get done very late which would add to my waiting time by an hour.

I couldn't wait that long, so I decided to empty out was was left in the mountain dew bottle, and pee in that. I have to awkwardly kneel in the cab to hide most of myself enough to not seem obvious. So I get into position. The bottle has a small opening where you drink from, so putting the head of my penis in wasn't an option. Instead I have to careful aim my piss slit into the bottle and try to hold it awkwardly so my head doesn't move (and get piss all over). My pants and dark blue boxer briefs aren't all the way down. The waist band of the boxers is kind of pushing on my urethra which makes it a little hard to get going, but I manage to.

I begin peeing into the bottle. The pee pressure is inconsistent, so I had to stop the stream and readjust slightly to not spill on the floor. Everything is going okay until I notice the bottle is almost filled up, and I still have pee in my bladder. I need to get into a better position so I can fill up as much of the bottle as I can. Well my penis was a bit squirmy being pressed again the bottle, and I ended up peeing on the floor a little bit. Luckily I have paper towels, disinfectant wipes, and deodorizer in my truck, so I wasn't too worried about cleaning it up.

I peed the rest of what I could get in the bottle which was almost all of my pee. I have some issues getting all the pee out of my urethra when pissing in general. Like I have to shake my dick five times just to get the last drops out. Even after that, I still might spurt into my boxer briefs even though it felt like I got it all out. So I did my best to shake what I could into the bottle. Then I closed up the bottle and went to get my boxer briefs pulled up and my shorts back on. I had forgotten that the waist band of said boxer briefs had been pressing up against my urethra near the base of my penis. It had a surprise for me.

I was trying to be quick about pulling my clothes back up. As my penis was put back into the boxer briefs it let out a pretty big leak. Not the kind that would just leave a dime to quarter size wetspot on my boxers. No this was a full on leak. As soon as it happened I thought, "Oh shit." I put my had down there to attempt to spread out the leaked pee so it would soak up in other dry areas, and not just in a concentrated spot that might seep thru my work shorts. While I managed to not have it show thru my shorts, I had thoroughly dampened my boxer briefs on one side. It was a somewhat circular blob that was about 2-3 inches in diameter. 

I'm just thinking, "Fuck, I'm going to get back to the building smelling like pee. I cleaned up the pee on the floor, then I got some paper towels, folded them into squares, and place one on either side of the wet area. I did this about three or four times. I would press to squeeze out as much moisture from the fabric as I could. I got enough out, but that area of my boxers still felt a little cold and damp. I thought I could smell pee emanating from crotch area. End up taking the deodorizer and spraying my shorts with it to remove most of the smell. While it did do that, I sprayed too closely, so now I had two wetspots on my shorts in an area that looked like I had peed myself. Something I was trying to avoid in the first place.

It was a bit warm outside (65 F), but not enough to dry that off quickly enough. I closed all the windows and cranked the heat on max to help the drying process on my shorts. It was suffering for about 10 mins that's for sure. Now it wasn't even noticeable. I got back to work, and hurried out of out there. With each step I could still feel the dampness in my boxer briefs reminding me of what happened. Just glad I was able to get out without being in close contact with anyone.

