Bursting to pee on a date

Author: Alice314

*000*2016-08-11 15:53

This all happened two nights ago. Gosh it feels so unreal now that I think about it. I've always been a secret omorashi-lover, but two nights ago I had a crazy experience with an actual guy! Here is how it went:

There's this guy in my class called Mark, and I've always had a minor crush on him. One day he asked me out, and of course I accepted immediately. We were to meet at 6, and by 5 I'd already dressed myself. By that time I was already feeling a slight urge to pee, but I was too excited about this date to pay attention. In due time we met, and had a lovely dinner together. All this time I felt a tiny urge to pee, but it was easy enough to manage, so I went along with it. After dinner we went to the movies, and before we went into the theatre Mark asked me if I had to pee before the movie started. I've always been a secret omorashi-lover, and even though I wasn't holding on purpose this time, the way Mark asked if I had to pee kinda felt like having my secret exposed to Mark, of all people.

I could feel my cheeks burning, and I told him I didn't, rather awkwardly I guess. The movie soon started and it wasn't long before I realised I had made a mistake. 30 minutes in I was already squirming in my seat. I could feel my pee building in my bladder. There was still an hour to go and I realised if I went to the toilet, it would make me seem like I was hiding my urge when mark asked if I had to pee in the beginning. I was so stupidly shy, and I held my pee in silence. Thirty minutes later my bladder was to the point of bursting. I tried my best not to show I was dying to pee, in case Mark saw. I crossed my legs, and the urge lessened every time my thighs squeezed together, but I couldn't cross my legs again and again without anyone noticing. I really wanted to hold myself, but I had to do it without Mark noticing.

So I took off my coat and covered my legs with it. That way no one would see I was holding myself underneath my coat (used the same tactic once when I was desperate in my music theory exam XD, long story though). I slipped my hands under my skirt and found my pee hole. I placed my hand there carefully, and pressed down hard with my thumb, and my body shivered from the relief. I kept squeezing my vagina, and for a while I was confident I could hold it. But soon I was so desperate even that didn't work. The movie still had about 10 minutes, and honestly I had no idea what the movie was about already XD I came up with a crazy idea of peeing secretly on the carpet, but it was impossible of course. 

At last, I decided to release on drop of pee, just to relieve the pressure by a tiny bit. I slowly released my muscles, and to my surprise a gush of pee came out. I had to pee so badly I couldn't control it, and quickly jammed my hand on my pee hole. I was squeezing myself so hard it kinda hurt but I managed to hold my pee in. By now my panties were wet but I felt like I could hold it with some of the pressure relieved. My skirt was dark coloured, so the wet patches weren't too visible. I knew I couldn't walk around with wet panties and so I slipped them off quietly, with my coat covering my legs all the while. Gosh I was blushing so badly when I did even though Mark had no clue of the little war I was fighting here. I slipped my panties off and kicked them under my seat.

A few minutes later the stupid movie finally ended, and I could feel my legs shaking when I walked out of the theatre. When we were out Mark asked me AGAIN if I had to pee before we left. I figured he had to as well, and for some reason I was still too shy to admit I had to pee even though my bladder was bursting. I decided to act cool and go when Mark himself went to the toilet. But (god I was so close to crying then) Mark said he didn't need to pee either and said he'd take me back home in his car. I was torn between my screaming bladder and my stupid shyness. But in the end, I couldn't muster the courage to ask for the bathroom again, and so we went to his car, and my only hope was holding it in till I got home. Marks attention was on me now without the movie in his way, and there was no way I could hold myself.

The first minute in his car was pure torture and Mark started to notice something was wrong. He asked me if I was ok, and I knew there was no way I could hide it anymore. I told him I was dying to pee and begged him to pull over. We were on the freeway though and there was no stopping of course. I was already crying and both my hands were jammed under my skirt. Mark asked me how long I had been holding and I told him everything that happened, how I was too shy to admit I was bursting and how long I had already been desperate. I even told him I had taken off my panties since I'd soaked them.

Soon we left the highway, and Mark stopped at the side if the road so I could pee in a bush. Before the car had even stopped pee was gushing through my fingers already. No matter how hard I squeezed myself my muscles were out of control, and I just kept peeing. All I could say was ' oh no oh oh no' and nothing else. Mark finally stopped the car and I dragged myself off, knelt on the ground, and peed. I was such a huge relief and by the end, I had left a huge puddle on the ground. I was half crying in the middle of my mess. 

Mark told me it was ok and helped me on my feet. He helped me wipe my legs clean, and (I know this is getting a bit inappropriate sorry) my hard was thumping so much when he moved up to my thighs. He still carried on up and up, all the way until he wiped my vagina! I could feel my knees buckling from that. This is getting far from omorashi now so I'll stop here, what happened next I'll never forget, but I hope all of you enjoyed my experience. It was the first time I had an omorashi 'adventure' with a guy even though it wasn't done on purpose. Anyway, hope I didn't bore you all with all these words, and thank you so much if you bore with me the whole way :D

