Complete accident

Author: ukon

*000*2016-03-05 08:11

Today was the start of extended hours at my local ski hill, allowing me to get some runs in after work. The plan was for my girlfriend to order food and I would pick it up on my way home. I will admit it I have a small problem with large amounts off coffee, as in I love it and drink copious amounts on the average day of work.....today was no different I also have a bit of a over active bladder. After six runs 3 pee brakes and one beer It was time to go get dinner. I drove the 30 min to the restaurant of my girls choice, the family owned too small too loud too busy Mexican joint is quite popular and was packed. I walked in with a uncomfortable need to pee, confronted by a packed lobby/till/busting carts area shoulder to shoulder with people coming, going and waiting, I located the bathroom doors across the room but thought better of it and got in what appeared to be a line.

Ten min later I was holding my food and now in line to pay and had to pee pretty bad eyeing the bathroom and considering my options. A trip to the bathroom in these closed quarters would be akin to exiting the window seat while sitting with some nfl line backers on a regional flight I needed to pee but not that bad yet. After fifteen min my need to pee had grown to urgent, I decided to use the bathroom.....now. I turned toward the bathroom and noticed it was occupied shit, I had been there for almost 30 min, my food was getting cold and I had to do something soon or piss myself. At this point I was next in line but considering bailing on the food and leaving, ahead of me was a mid age lady who was convinced her husband had a reservation, the cashier lady could not find it.

After what seemed like forever she decides to call her husband. With people coming and going as well as the waiters all trying to occupy the same area I got bumped from behind and it happened I let a spurt out not a lot but I had to bear down to stop it. I was on the verge of loosing it right here in public, in the next min two things happen, the lady discovered she was at the wrong restaurant and the bathroom became available. It was now my turn to pay but I had to go pee NOW, I started to turn to ward the bathroom and someone beat me to it. I let out another spurt and stepped up to the cashier to pay slipping my card in the machine and entering my code, no tip today.

Leaking little spurts the whole time while trying to remain composed I waited for approved to flash, that was it I lost it spurting turned to a full stream standing in public in a tight confined space I peed for what seemed like forever warmth flooding my crotch and spreading down my thighs I could hear it hissing. I dared not look down but I knew I was standing in a puddle my shoes were even wet thank god it is winter and everyone's feet are dripping melting snow, I collected my receipt and left having to squeeze my way out. I went home completely soaked down to my shoes and part of my shirt luckily none of that was visible thanks to my snow pants and jacket I had a complete accident in public and no one was the wiser. When I got home I walked in not sure how to hide it and got found out right away my girlfriend asked me If I could smell pee as she took the food from me.

We have dogs, I can think of fifty things I could have said instead I said "no" knowing full well I was soaked waist down with pee invisible to the eye. obviously she decided to investigate further and quickly noticed my wet foot prints on the wood floor, I fessed up told her the truth, she seemed unimpressed but sympathetic. I went in the bathroom and removed my sopping snow pants and completely soaked long johns took a shower and did some laundry. I have partaken in wetting many times in the past but not in public except one accident involving a kayak and chest waders this was the first time with any risk of getting found out and very public accident. while I was peeing myself sure the relief felt good but I was not sexually excited on any level other than thinking almost remotely wow I'm actually peeing myself in front of people. This is something I have fantasized about before but never followed through. Now I am completely turned on buy my accident but not at the time.

