My Childhood Wetting story (in the pool)

Author: Delta 2 1

*000*2020-07-05 21:53

Its the first time I'm writing this kind of story here; if there are spots I could make better, with idk detail or explaining tell me so I can improve that the next time I post (if I remember the fact that is though...)

So I'm bored out of mind from this fancy unheard of thing called COVID, so I decided I'm gonna share some childhood/teenage (accidental) wetting stories, to which there are plenty.

This was probably one of my youngest genuine accidents that I remember. I was like 9 or something at the time and I went to swim practice for 2 hours afterschool. Now I was young, but I was old enough to know that desperation was my kind of thing. Now I usually didn't pee at school for other reasons, notably that I was too shy to excuse myself back then but when one day I genuinely missed a bathroom break afterschool, I took that chance to hold my pee until the end of practice. I was pretty desperate by the end of practice but nothing special. But thats not why I'm writing this. I'm writing this because I want to talk about my last day in swim practice.

You see before I step into this story, I probably need to give some background context to what the pool facility looked like because looking back, it was one weird layout. The pool itself was connected directly to changing rooms. The changing rooms had lockers (obviously), 1 private shower room, 1 toilet stall and changing rooms where only your private area would be roughly covered. Then from there, to get to the "real" bathroom, you had to get out, go through the main reception and the lobby area, then turn right and enter a hallway. I think you can imagine what I'm saying (hopefully). In there was 8 single person bathrooms. It was honestly stupid having 1 toilet in the changing rooms.

The last day of swim, I wanted to push my limits harder because it would be my last chance to try. Well this was one prime example of pushing myself too hard. I didn't pee during school as usual but I made it my goal to drink out of every drinking fountain I saw. By the time I arrived at practice, I was already squirming a little but figured if I came this far it was too early to give up. About 1 hour in, I was pretty desperate, maybe like 7/10 on the scale. Lucky that my coaches decided to take it easy that day. We had a kid friendly pool right next to our pool and the coaches let us have some free time to do whatever there. I stood in the corner, with a crossed leg as I talked with my friends. My desperation was creeping up pretty fast though and it was getting harder to keep it hidden.

Around 15 minutes or so before practice ended, my desperation was getting unbearable. I gave in and asked my coach to go the bathroom. Now remember when I said there was 1 toilet in the changing room? Well by the time I got to it, not only was it occupied, but it also had a line of 3 other kids. I tried the shower room but it was also locked. The changing room was already full of kids in for the next session. I didn't want other people to see me desperate to pee, but I'm sure people noticed my furious bouncing and crossed legs. I tried the showers but whoever was in there didn't come out before the it was time to end time attendance which meant I had to walk all the way back to the pool area. It usually would have taken like 20 seconds but this time it felt like an entire minute. Every step, every second my desperation got worse. At some point I ended up leaking a little.

Not enough to be noticed, especially not in a wet swimsuit, but I felt it. When I got to the area where they were grouping up, I stood above the drains, cross legged, my hands going in and out of my crotch. I let out a pretty big leak there, enough to seep out of my swimsuit, although I have no idea if anyone noticed. After what felt like an eternity, we were dismissed. I wanted to run straight to the bathroom, but I couldn't; I walked like half my speed. Because of this, I ended up last in the changing room.

The burst of cold air gave me a big shudder and a subsequent leak. The toilet was already lined up, the shower was occupied. Not willing to pee infront of my friends, I quickly grabbed my shirt and a towel, burst into the "private" changing room. I dried myself, my hands still frequenting in and out of my crotch, legs shaking. I was putting my shirt on when I felt another leak. Big enough to make a splash. Realizing I might not make it, I gave up on patience and just speed walked straight out of the changing room, across the main desk and lobby to the hallway (which you can't see from the lobby area) leaking the whole time.

Luckily I only leaked dribbles along the way which was a miracle in itself. As I turned the corner in the hallway, I leaked big though. Both my hands quickly shot down to my crotch. I leaked enough to make a decently sized puddle. But I was still desperate. I quickly checked the stalls and found one open. I leaked again as I opened the door, then as I closed it, then as I locked it. Then it burst; I just started peeing full strength. I tried my best to stop it but it wouldn't. I think it emptied like half of my bladder. 

Still a couple steps to go until the toilet, I started moving when I started to pee again. Every step I took I peed. I eventually managed to sit down on the toilet, swimsuit still on and peed right through them... I had peed so much on the floor that only like 5 seconds worth came out on the toilet itself. After that incident, I decided I didn't want to intentionally hold my pee anymore. Well it lasted for a year throughout 5th grade, but the pleasure was too good to give up... and I started again in 6th grade. And now... well now I do it all the time lmao

