New desperation or wetting sighting compilation

Author: spike

*000*2019-07-26 19:21

Hi guys i would like to start a new topic where everybody could share all sorts of sighting,

Not everybody is lucky enough to see a woman having an accident or have really large story to relate.

I myself never had this luck but i saw few womens having closed call or being really desperate, including some ex.

We dont need to have long stories i think, and they dont have to be perfect neither.

I will share some sightings i had please dont hesitate to share some if you have time, hopefully this topic will pick up.

Sighting 1

I used to have a ex with a really small bladder, unfortunately I never got lucky enough to see her pee her pants but im pretty sure its happened her.

She was tall brunette, not skinny but good looking. always wearing thigh jeans.

It was really common for her to hold her crotch even in public when she needed to pee .

There is this time when I was meeting her after her work, she was taking the underground to meet me.

She told me she had to pee so bad she had to leave the underground and run to find a toilet.

She couldnt find any toilet at this time, it was ate so she saw a kebab place and she went there.

She was asking to use their bathroom but they didnt want, knowing her at this time she was crossing her legs and pressing her boths hands in her croch.

She had to beg for toilet and buy something from them to use the toilet.

When she told me that story, she said she really dont know what she would have done if they didnt let her use the bathoom...

Sighting 2

Its about the same girl, this time i was with her.

We were dining in a restaurant and we were about to leave.

During the meal, i remember she drank a large beer and I was surprise she didnt think to use the toilet.

Well it was not my style to reminder this kind of thing.. Few minutes after leaving I head the words' I need to pee' 'I should have use the toilet in the restaurant'

We were visiting this town so it was no time to go home already.

We walking maybe for 30 minutes and she stopped, she pressed her legs tightly and said she has to sit down.

It was a bench next to her so we sit and i touch her arm asking if everything is alright.

And she said' please dont touch me or im gonna pee'

At this time I was surprise, i saw her many time being desperate but for the first time she told me she was about to pee her tight blue jeans.

We stand, walked few more minutes and she stopped and said' If I dont find a toilet im gonna pee right here, right now'

I was like maybe today is the day, unfortunately she start to run to the first place she saw, a small shop and ask to use their bathroom...

If only she would have try to wait a bit longer...

*002*2019-07-31 22:49

My turn Hope more of you will participate.

This sighting happened in my workplace.

I was working in a hotel back in the time, as a bartender.

The story is about one receptionist woman, in her early twenties, tall and skinny Italian Brunette, Very pretty and a bit shy.

It was a quiet evening shift and the bar area was like 15 meters in front of the reception area, so from where i was I could see the reception.

We use to have phone behind the bar connected to the reception.

During this shift, for one time the phone rang, it was not usual so I answered the phone and it was this receptionist.

She was asking me if I was busy , I answered no its was nobody in the bar area, she said it was a emergency and ask me to come over for one minute, she was sounding very stress over the phone.

So I go over there, and she was in her seat, i could see she was putting both of her hands between her legs under her desk.

She asked me in a very desperate voice If I could stay in the reception for one minute because she needed to pee really bad and couldnt hold it any longer.

She was very shy so It was surprising to see her admit that , prove that it was a real emergency.

I said of course I can, She stand and tried to run with her tall high heels past me to go to the toilet.

She made it in time but Im sure her underwear were not completely dry.

She came back with a really relieved expression on her face and thanks me.

Im sure if she would have been busy and me too, she would have peed in her seat, she was waiting until the last second to ask me ..

