Train station mild desperation observation

Author: Sluttisen

*000*2021-08-06 12:37

I was on a train station, going home from a vacation at my parents house when I noticed a woman squeezing her legs a bit, being slightly tense and fidgety in the way we all know and love. Very much to my delight she was also, slowly but steadily, sipping from a 0.5 liter water bottle. At the risk of being objectifying, I'm going to describe her looks. She was of average build, maybe slightly smaller breasts, fairly fit, mid to upper twenties, brown hair in a ponytail, white long linen high cut trousers, see-through enough to give me an impression of a black thong, light yellow sleeveless shirt, brown hair in a ponytail and a generally pleasant face.

However, the really noticeable thing about her was how she shined with happiness, especially when writing on her phone. She was standing in the sun between the stairways going down below the tracks, and the end of a one way track going south, that lies between two platforms. It was unclear if she was trying to improve her tan, escaping the somewhat chilly shadows of the platform roofs or using the warmth of the sun to keep her bladder from protesting.

As she was starting to go to the opposite platform, I tried to discreetly move into a position where I would be able to see her while pretending to look for the train. Of course trying hard to keep a non-scary distance and avoid being caught staring. That plan failed. She went straight back for the stairways, while looking at all the walls and doors around her, most probably looking for directions for a public restroom. 

I did see her standing at the bottom of the stairways sending discouraged looks back and forth along the wide tunnel under the tracks, and in about a minute she was back in her favourite spot in the sun, fidgety as ever. Her train was long-distance and going north in fifteen minutes, so missing the train probably wasn't an option. As my train was leaving in 25 minutes and since she was now standing in clear sight I was able to discreetly enjoy her increasing desperation and constant shifting in position, except when a teenager acting up on my platform made her look and smile.

As you know, having concentrated urine and holding it for long times can make your bladder try to push it out in order to prevent infection. I am pretty sure this was not the case in this particular situation. Her water drinking habit suggested that her bladder was quite recently emptied but there had developed a new pressure from a diluted liquid pressing the skin in her bladder until it almost could not expand anymore.

This was not the work of impatient bladder muscle contractions. It was merely a container where the pressure from its elastic expansion was about to outgrow the pressure summonable by the mechanism for containing it's rapidly increasing content. (Sorry for that ;)) Still, she was actually increasing her speed of sipping from her bottle of water, and in the end she had been drinking half of it, in about twenty minutes. At the end she even did the famous knee bend to get the appropriate counter-pressure. All the time, she kept on texting, smiling brightly, but in between she got a another expression, hands fiddling around with anything they could find and legs not being able to stand still for more than thirty seconds in a row.

When her train arrived, she found her vagon quite calmly and entered. The train was fairly modern, so it probably had a working restroom.

I guess you are more qualified to guess if this was just a happy (for me) coincidence, or some game she played with herself or the person on the other end of the chat. Since I myself hate the feeling of being desperate, I sincerely hope she found a bathroom to her liking, but I can't help to imagine two hypothetical situations. The first is when an optimistic traffic control repeatedly reassures the waiting passengers that the traffic signal just south of the station will be solved in just a few minutes and their delayed train will come, and they keep repeating this message for half an hour or more, implicitly asking the passengers not to leave the platform. It would not be long before those 0.25 liters of water, and any other water she drank before, would find their way through her kidneys, and that did not seem like a very sustainable situation.

The other unlikely situation is that all bathrooms on the train are closed (it was a short train), and she was likely to be stuck on it for one to several hours, depending on where she was going. I can imagine her crying and frantically pressing her urethra, almost not being able to stand, painfully slowly moving around the train trying to find the crew and begging them crying to open one of the toilets. Alternatively her finding some mental state of equilibrium enabling her to survive the last agonizing minutes before her station, or even the station before even though the cities in that part of the country lie about one hour apart.

I also enjoy the thought of her just traveling home from her newly found crush, and her deciding not to use the bathroom before she leaves for whatever reason.

Anyways, there it goes.

