Rapid desperation = one hell of a ride

Author: lmnoP

*000*2020-11-13 05:07

Two quick asides at the top: first, I'm a casual crossdresser and this experience I'm about to share involves me having an accident in women's jeans and high heels. I'd like to think it's becoming more acceptable, but brew your cup of tea however you like.

Second, in case you're interested, I drank so much water and held it for so long that I had to get up and pee three separate times between my accident and writing this story

***

Ever since I stumbled upon the amazing concept of "rapid desperation

" years ago on this site, I've played around with trying to make myself have a legitimate wetting accident. Normally when I hold, I just start at an arbitrary moment and avoid using the bathroom while drinking as much as I can. I've always felt though that this either takes too long for me to get desperate and I end up using the bathroom out of boredom, or my muscles are just too strong to let me actually lose control and I "pretend" to lose it.

Yesterday though I ordered a new pair of sparkly high heels and a pair of the tightest jeans I've ever worn. To celebrate, I decided that today I'd give it another shot and try pushing my limits to the point of actually bursting.

I'm lucky enough to be able to work from home during the pandemic. At around noon I started following the "rapid desperation" guide: drinking 12 ounces of water every hour and peeing whenever I felt like it. As I worked on projects and deadlines over the next couple hours I mostly absentmindedly sipped on my bottle of water and poured a few mugs of tea. Drinking copious amounts of liquid over the course of several hours, as it turns out, isn't exactly thrilling, but I definitely noticed the frequency of my bathroom trips steadily increasing.

I chose to start holding at 7pm, so an hour before I upped my intake to 12 ounces every 15 minutes. I was starting to feel bloated with the water at this point, but kept to the schedule and peed one more time before the holding began.

Another big issue I've felt when it comes to desperation play is that I always seem to do it within steps of my bathroom sanctuary. Even if I tell myself I'm not allowed to use it, the mental assurance that I'm within reach if I change my mind always ruins the sense of urgency, the idea of wetting myself on accident. So, I decided to take myself away from that temptation and run some errands until I felt I needed to get back home.

I wiggled into my skintight jeans, threw my heels along with a few bottles of water in a bag and headed out to my car. I realized with surprise that I probably could have peed again only 10 minutes after I last went, but it was still completely manageable at that point and the thrill of what I was about to do began to intoxicate me.

I first drove to the CVS down the road to pick up a few necessities. I wore a pair of boat shoes since I'm not yet brave enough to dress so femininely in public, but I did get a thrill out of wearing women's jeans into the store. I grabbed the things I cam in for, and on a spur-of-the-moment decision grabbed a pack of water pills to boost my desperation even further. I also grabbed a mega-sized bottle of Gatorade to replenish my electrolytes and sodium after all the water-guzzling.

I got back to the car and strapped on my pair of heels, relishing in the feeling for a moment. I then cracked open the bottle of Gatorade and took the recommended dose of two pills. I'd tried them years before and recalled they didn't do much, but figured what the hell, they're essentially caffeine in pill form – they might crank up my pee production without needing to further bloat myself.

My only other stop I had planned was to grab some takeout for dinner. As I sat in the parking lot of the CVS I definitely noticed my bladder urging me to find relief, but it wasn't at the point where I wanted to cancel my plans. I was still close to home, and felt heading back so soon would be a waste of all the hours of preparation I put in for this. I decided I wanted an even greater thrill and plugged in a random destination half an hour away – I'd make my way out to that spot, turn around, visit the takeout place on the way back and finally return to my apartment.

It was only about ten minutes into the trip that I began to consider whether I was in over my head. I wanted the thrill of not knowing whether I'd lose control, but I also didn't want to actually piss all over my brand new car. And as I pulled up to red light after red light heading through downtown – thanks for the sadism, Google Maps – the pressure in my bladder was rising at an alarming rate. I had barely reached halfway to my destination and I was starting to fidget around on my seat, rubbing my thighs through the denim.

I should mention that I was also wearing a panty gaff under my jeans to hide my bulge and simulate a more feminine appearance. That was great for upping the thrill factor when I was heading out the door, but I realized my fatal flaw: I couldn't hold my penis to stave off the rapidly ballooning volume of pee threatening to leak out of it. No, I had to wedge my hand into my crotch and press as hard as I could, hoping I could maintain control long enough with the less-than-ideal setup.

I was about five minutes away from the civic center parking lot I had chosen on a whim, and I finally accepted that I was getting exactly what I wished for: an incredibly full bladder and the growing odds of totally losing control. I was now driving with one hand wedged between my legs, thighs pressed tightly together, my other hand frantically tapping on the wheel as I came up to yet another red light. This particular route as it turned out was full of 25 mph speed limits and speed bumps as it snaked through residential streets – seriously, Google, much appreciated – and I was half moaning, half laughing from the stereotypical bad luck I was facing while absolutely desperate.

I finally arrived at the empty parking lot and veered into a space just as I felt a spurt about to leak out. I managed to stop it, or at least manage to keep my pants dry, and assessed my current predicament. Thanks to my brilliant planning I was still half an hour away from home, and doing the math I knew I had gone from a 3 to a 7 in just the time it took to get where I was then. I had never before been at the point where I seriously considered stepping out of the car and peeing on the asphalt, but I legitimately didn't think I could hold it all the way back.

My mind then remembered the point of all this, that I had wanted this feeling of absolute torture leading up to immense relief. I took a deep breath, gave myself another hard squeeze, unbuttoned my jeans and set off for the drive-thru on the way home.

The restaurant was only 10 minutes away, but I found myself frantically rocking in my seat, thighs clenched impossibly tight, moaning constantly as I made my way there. Once I arrived I panicked when I saw the long line of cars waiting to order – in my desperate state I had completely forgotten about the fact I'd have to wait in line, pay, and grab my order, all of which took time and exposed my condition to others. I placed my order after a few minute wait and was sure the order-taker could hear the strain in my voice coming through the speaker. Once I pulled up I handed the cashier my card and hoped she couldn't see my hand permanently wedged into my crotch, since there was no way I could appear relaxed without soaking myself. She handed my my food and I mumbled a lightning-quick "thankshaveagoodnight" as I headed back on the road. I try to be nice and respectful to food workers, I really do, but I was reaching a new level of desperation.

As I sped my way home, now twenty-some minutes away, I began to run through my head what would happen if I genuinely lost it. I didn't think to bring extra pants in my cockiness, thinking I'd be able to make it back, so I definitely knew I'd have a trip through the halls of my building in soaked pants, blushing madly when people would stare at me in my light jeans with dark pee streaks. I'd also have to figure out what to do about the massive puddle permeating into my brand new car seats, unable to have anyone else in the car for days until I got it sorted.

No, I resolved, I'm going to make it. I can pee as soon as I walk in my door, but not a second sooner.

Google finally had some mercy and took my on the highway back to my building, allowing me to keep my speed going and avoiding more harrowing red light situations. With five minutes left I shuddered as I felt a definite leak escape into my gaff, not offering an ounce of relief but reminding myself that the sand in the proverbial timer was about to trickle to a halt.

I finally made it back to my building and pulled into my spot in the garage (my windows starting to fog up from rapid panting). It was at this point I discovered my second flaw in my plan: my heels were wonderful in every way except for the damned buckle strap, and as I frantically tried to unclasp them and put my masculine shoes back on for the walk back to my door, I became convinced I was about to lose it. I did a quick calculation and decided it'd be better for strangers to see a guy walking around in a pair of bright sparkly heels holding his crotch than seeing the same guy walking around with pee-soaked jeans.

I left everything else in the car and began the long walk from the garage to the elevators and to my door. I pranced as fast I could in the heels but they of course had the drawback of shortening my stride, forcing me to walk more slowly and concentrate on not peeing and not tripping. I got to the elevators and pressed the button, immediately slamming my hands back into my crotch and doing a full-on pee dance, heels clicking and clacking on the tile floor. After what felt like ages the elevator doors opened and miraculously there was no one else on. I hobbled into the elevator and resumed my dance, jamming my thighs together and picking my feet up at the knee in alternating, frantic steps.

Once the elevator opened up on my floor I realized that I couldn't do more than take slow, deliberate steps for the last hundred feet to my front door. My bladder felt like a rock, and the unbuttoned jeans were still pressing agonizingly tight against the flood of pee behind them. I walked carefully step by step down the hall, steadily making my way to relief. Once I got to my door I came to my third and final flaw: in my haste to get upstairs, I'd left my keys in the car.

No, I gasped. This can't be happening.

I figured there was nothing else to do but head all the way back to the garage and try again – there were no public bathrooms in my building, even pre-pandemic. I knew whether I was going to make it or not at this point was up to fate, nothing else I could do that I wasn't already doing to hold back the flood. I semi-jogged to the elevator, ignoring the pain in my feet from jogging in heels, and waited for the elevator arrive, crouching down to squeeze myself as hard as possible. When the elevator arrived I wasn't so lucky this time and had company to deal with – a graying older woman pushing a cart of groceries. Any other time I'd have been embarrassed enough to wait for the next one, but not so this time, and hobbled in and jammed the button for the garage level.

I looked at the woman red-faced and did my absolute best not to make a scene, but had to keep scissoring my legs for the 10 second trip down. I was sweating, my cheeks were flushed, and I was absolutely about to soak myself.

I finally made it back to the garage, grabbed my keys and repeated the agonizing trip back upstairs. Before I even got to the elevator I felt an entirely new feeling - an intense cramping followed by a slow trickle of pee escaping into my pants. I tripped over myself as I bent over and jammed my crotch with all the strength I had left. I finally got it to stop after several seconds, but not before I had a wet patch down to mid-thigh. I was delirious with need at this point. I punched the button, and said a silent "thank you" to the heavens when it opened immediately with no one else.

Once the doors closed I wedged my hand under my jeans and panty and squeezed my penis as hard as I could, but started to feel the beginnings of the contractions again. I sprinted down the hall, feeling the pee starting to trickle again as I danced around looking for my keys. After the most tense seconds of my life I threw open my door, stepped into the bathroom, and yanked my heels off by yanking the clasp at the literal last second. I was full-on peeing before I stepped into the shower.

I stood against the tile wall, leaned back, spread my legs slightly, and released what was at that point 1 hour, 34 minutes' worth of rapid-desperation-induced, clear as crystal, warm, beautiful, orgasmic pee.

By the time I finished my jeans were sopping wet, more thoroughly drenched than I'd ever gotten apart from falling into the pool when I was a kid. I've never shared pics of myself before, but this was the hottest, most relieving feeling I've ever felt, and my first legitimate pee accident since I was young, so I feel like sharing tonight. Also threw in a pic of the heels that I only barely managed to save for another day rather than throw in the trash.

Hope you enjoyed! I personally can't wait for the next time. Now excuse me while I take my fourth pee

$$

$$

$$

