A new experience from earlier today, brought on by my shyness

Author: RagingPython

*000*2019-10-07 23:53

So... before I start this, I feel like I should repeat what I have said in a few threads: I’m really shy. Sometimes. It depends on how I’m feeling, but even when I’m feeling my best, I really struggle with starting conversations. Recently, I’ve been having worse problems with this than usual, and I haven’t really spoken to many people; I’ve just been by myself.

The Story: (Part 1)

In university today, I had a large mug of tea before leaving for my afternoon classes. I was smart enough use the toilets beforehand, luckily. I went off to my first class with a thermos full of the equivalent of another large mug of tea, and sat down. Throughout the next class I drank the thermos of tea, as well as drinking from the bottle of water I carry everywhere with me.

By the time came to move rooms for the rest of the afternoon, about 2 hours, I had to go. Kinda bad. But I thought I could manage, and I’ve been deliberately testing myself more by going longer between each bathroom break, especially in the afternoon where if I don’t go before leaving, I usually get a great desperate experience at home. I set off for the class, passing a set of toilets on the way. I felt a twinge as I walked past, but I ignored it.

In this class, I was seated right next to my crush, and we were surrounded by a few girls we were friends with. She was much more friendly with them than me though, as she can start conversations easily without worrying endlessly about what everyone is going to think and how they'll react. About half an hour in, I felt the urge grow massively, going from a little uncomfortable to highly distracting, although I could resist it still. It stayed at this level until I was about 75 minutes into the 2 hour lesson. When it got worse, it pushed me up to a 6/10 level, which for me means when the urge is constantly on my mind, and I can only hold on by moving my legs around or holding myself occasionally.

It was getting harder to ignore, but I kept trying to work. At 90 minutes in however, it was getting very hard to focus. I was constantly fidgeting, although I tried hard to stop myself, as I was at a quite bad 7/10. For the last 10 minutes, I was into 8/10 territory, focusing at all was impossible. My mind was consumed with how badly I needed relief...

But I couldn’t go. If I left my seat to go to the bathroom, my friends... and my crush... would ask where I was going, and I wouldn’t be able to explain where, it’d be too embarrassing. I was worried about how they’d react, and I knew they’d want to go with me because too many girls seem obsessed with that... I didn’t think I could do it. Especially not in front of my crush, it’s hard enough to act normal around her already.

I thought I could endure it until the end, and luckily I was able to.

My crush and friends left before me, as they had to drop some coursework off. I’d sent mine in already, and I pretended to be filing up some notes or something while my friends left, meaning I could walk off to the bathrooms on my own.

I picked up my stuff, and left, trying to resist my desire to hold myself to suppress the need to pee. I kept my legs as close together as I could without looking suspicious, and reached the closest bathrooms:

Out of order.

Typical. My bladder ached at having it’s plans for release postponed, and I had to find another set. Unfortunately, they had a huge queue, so I squeezed my legs together for a moment to alleviate the need for a bit and went looking for some more toilets.

When I finally found some without a queue, I eagerly ran towards them, only to encounter my crush walking towards the girl’s room from another corridor. I quickly stopped running, and tried to hide my desperation while she stopped and approached me.

”Hey, Rosalynne! Were you just heading for the bathrooms?”, she asked me.

My face went red upon just hearing the question. It’s worth mentioning here that my feelings for her are more than just that of a schoolgirl crush, I really, absolutely are completely in love with her. I can’t focus on things when she’s too close to me... I find myself watching her whenever we’re together... I want to make physical contact with her whenever I can, even though I’m too shy most of the time... it’s so hard to talk to her too, my anxiety just goes mad; if I do something to make her not like me, I think my heart would break.

”I-I-I... u-uh... n-no!”, I insisted, before taking a moment to regain my composure, and continuing: “I-I was just... just walking past...”

”Oh, okay. I was considering going myself. I haven’t been all afternoon!”, she said to me, doing a comedic fidget to exaggerate the situation.

I tried to stop myself blushing, but with limited success.

”I think I’ll wait though,”, my crush said to me, “I can manage until I get home, and I really don’t like public toilets.”

”Okay.”

”Actually, before you go Rosalynne, do you want to go shopping? Me and a couple of other girls are going to town.”

Despite the fact that my bladder was telling me that I should under no circumstances say yes, and should focus on getting home to pee, and that all my social instincts where telling me to say no and run away and hide before I said something that would ruin my chances with her forever, I blurted out: “Y-yes! I’ll go sh-shopping...”

”Great!”, my crush replied, “The others’ll get here in a minute.”

End of Part 1

I wasn’t going to make this a two parter, but it’s 1AM and I need to sleep. This first half took longer to write then expected. I’ll write the rest in tomorrow, by editing the post if I can.

*007*2019-10-11 21:05

{{1 hour ago, Helloworldiwea said:

Waiting for a part 2

}}

I’m sorry, I know I said I’d write one... I just haven’t felt up to it yet. I’ll try to get it done soon.

*009*2019-10-12 09:46

{{6 hours ago, SilverLining said:

It's okay, we understand you're shy, so just take your time.

}}

Thank you.

