End Game (no spoilers)

Author: Damien85

*000*2019-04-27 08:52

Alright, so I saw End Game tonight. A super late showing was my only option and I'm completely exhausted from other plans I had in the last two days which also means I had to go to the movie alone because no one wanted to start a 3 hour movie at midnight with me. With this in mind, I took steps to make sure I was caffeinated for the movie because I didn't want to fall asleep. I wasn't super worried or anything as I normally have a very strong bladder. The three hour screen time didn't phase me even a little. I went to the restroom immediately before the film, bought my soda, found my seat right before showtime and sat down to enjoy this film that I've been waiting an entire year for.

About halfway through the film I needed to go. Not super bad or anything, definitely knew I would be alright and there was no way I was getting up during the movie. Two hours in I was fidgeting pretty regularly. I'd already seen a couple of people make the walk of shame to the restroom. Folks, there's so much going on in every minute of the film that they easily could've stretched this to 5 hours. There is not a "down time" where it's safe to pee.

After the climax, I'm actively doing everything I can to hold on, but there's still a good 20 minutes of the movie to go. During the last few scenes, I was not doing well. Neither my underwear or my eyes were dry. Then the credits hit and I had fortunately been spared sitting through them as my friends all informed me there was no mid or post credits scene. Just a sound effect. They told me what it was. Even in context of the film, there's no telling what it was actually referencing. If you'd like to know what it is without spoilers or anything, feel free to PM me.

So anyway, as soon as the black screen hits, I'm up and out of the chair. I start walking to the bathroom as I'm just a little damp, but nothing is showing on my athletic shorts. For some quick context here, the way my theater is set up, it's sort of like a giant T where you enter at the bottom and there's another vertical line of auditoriums perpendicular to the top-left of the T. You can exit the building out of any point of that shape. My auditorium was on the right side which exits directly into the parking lot where I always park. The bathrooms on the other hand are in the base of the T. This meant that my car was closer than the bathroom.

As I'm walking to the bathroom I'm actively spurting into my shorts. I make it 15 steps in that direction before I realize there's no way I'm making it all the way to the bathroom. Still spurting every other step I turn the other direction and head for the double doors to the parking lot. This was the last showing of the night so there were hardly any cars and no people on my way, which is good because 3 steps out the door my slow spurting turned into an uncontrollable stream into my shorts. No one was out there yet so I just stopped moving, spread my legs a little in hopes that I wouldn't get my shoes wet, and let nature happen.

The sound of the stream hitting fabric was extremely audible, followed by the typical trickling noise as it hit concrete and that delightful accompanying warmth we all know and love. The athletic shorts are Nike Dri-fits which hide sweat super well, but this was the first time they'd been tested against urine. Turns out they barely show a wet spot at all. Which was two parts fortunate and one part disappointing. I don't like wetting in public, especially in my relatively small city where a significant enough portion of the population knows me, but at the same time the tell tale wet patch is my favorite part of wetting. Though I'm definitely a hair more confident in public wetting so long as I'm wearing those shorts.

This is the first actual accident I've had in my adult life. Sure, I've done it on purpose quite a bit, but this was completely out of my control. I doubt I could replicate this scenario easily, but boy was it an amazing experience. Thanks for reading and hopefully you enjoyed it as much as I did!

*003*2019-04-28 05:46

@Keita123

: Having to pee doesn't really effect my movie watching at all.

@Lils

: I did! I would consider repeating as it was a ton of fun, but not in my home city. Honestly, the stars aligned here. I was at the theater without any friends, I left before everyone else in my auditorium (apparently no one else got the tip about no post-credits scenes), it was the last showing of the night so the only cars in the lot were others I had been seeing the movie with, and it was 3 a.m. so the area was, in general, completely deserted. Like I said, too high a chance someone I know would see me if this had happened like literally any other time.

