Peeing riding a motor scooter

Author: Skate

*000*2017-07-08 22:07

I holiday in Greece regularly and this is some of the experiences this last month on my solo visit to Crete. I have been into omo for as long as I can remember. Holding for long periods is not my thing, I like the feeling of peeing whenever I have the need. I’m a mature male, and on these travels, I decided that the toilet was for poop jobs only; all daytime pee would be through my white cotton shorts. It is about 24C to 28C so wet clothing dries quickly.

Day one on my travels on rented motor scooter took me 80 Km to Makrygialos. After a half hour on the expressway, the morning coffee has come through so a nice pee into my shorts. A half hour later there is a nice beach for a swim, so pee in my shorts while going to the shore line (nearest people 30 feet away) and swim. Now wet from the sea, it is back on the scooter for 45 minutes to Irapetra and the Lidl store for provisions. Nice warm weather and the shorts are mostly dry. Back on the scooter and just out of town, time for another swim and sandwich.

Again park scooter, pee as I walk to the waters edge on this mostly deserted beach and swim. Lying on the beach mat afterwards, time for another pee so that goes through the wet shorts and mat. Rested and another 45 minutes ride I reach Makrygialos where I have a room booked on the waterfront. Shorts not quite dry, so hope it is not too noticeable to the room owner. Rest of the afternoon spent swimming or on my beach mat, shorts and mat taking all the pee times. Evening I showered, rinsed my pissy shorts & underwear, and went to a Taverna to eat (in dry clothes!). Before bed decided the shower was the place to pee, letting it run down my legs, being naked.

Day two: I wake needing a pee, so put on swimwear, cross the sand to the waters edge and let out my pee which runs nicely down my legs followed by a swim. After breakfast I do use the toilet as I need to poop, first use since I arrived. Time to head out for the day on the scooter. The breakfast coffee is through and the need to pee ignored. Off I go, but first need fuel in scooter. Standing while the guy puts in the fuel, my pee urge increases, so glad to be on my way and only just down the road I let out my pee which fills my shorts runs over the seat and drips by my feet, I feel eased. I’m still riding through the last houses of the village! There is a beach 5 minutes away but when I get there, instead of swimming, I stand by the scooter and finish my piss as it runs down both legs and sandals. Peeing on the scooter never totally empties my bladder! I will stay in my pissy shorts to the waterfall I intend to visit. 

A bit of extra water on the dry bits makes the shorts an even colour. Swig more water to make more pee and on I go. Sightseeing as I go, I pee several times while riding before I reach the sea again and the start of path to the waterfall. Lunch calls, so I sit on a bench and as I eat and drink, another pee soaks my shorts. By now the pissy shorts do smell but sitting on a rock in the sea at this deserted spot gives them a rinse. With nice wet shorts I set off to walk the path to the Richtis waterfall which takes a half hour, letting a bit of pee out on the way. Here some lads are already in the pool at the waterfall base, so I join them with a spray of water falling from high above. Suitably refreshed and rested I head back down the valley to my scooter. The journey back to Makrygialous is scenic so a few pees are done while riding. Evening as day one.

Day three: Like yesterday I wake needing a pee, so pee at the waters edge before a swim. After Breakfast and poop, it’s off on the scooter to fuel station. Not so desperate to pee so let it out while riding when outside the village today. After an hour I reach my first destination, an old abandoned historic village of Voila. Pee time again, and this time it’s a lying down on my back piss that runs round the waste line as well as around the balls, soaking the shorts completely. Lucky there is no one around although the shorts are all one colour, while I view the site. Just round the corner is a spring flowing with cool water so plenty to drink and refresh.

Further travels take me over the mountains to a cave. The short walk is accompanied by a walking piss, something so nice about peeing while walking and it flowing through sandals. Cave visited, more water and another piss, on to sea at Xerocambos. It is a hot strong sun and tamarisk trees line the long beach, all occupied till the far end in a separate cove where I find one. Park the scooter and claim my tree. Oh, this is a nudist beach! Take off my pissy shorts and lay them in the sun to dry and skinny dip. Back on my beach mat I need to pee. Other people are quite distant so for a first time, I pee over myself on a nudist beach taking care not to make a fountain! Exciting. As the sun lowers, it is time to head back. The shorts are dry and don’t smell much now. Over the mountain and back at Makrygialous, a final piss and swim before a shower and rinse my clothes.

Day four: Pee at the beach as I have my morning swim, breakfast and poop. Load the scooter with all my things as I’m moving to another area. The first pee is somewhere up the mountains as I motor between villages, I doo stop to add water to the dry parts of my shorts to blend the colour. As lunchtime nears I find a beach, it is overlooked by houses but as I park my scooter my need to pee is urgent so let it go as I stand next to the scooter. I now notice an older couple nearing me along the road. I have finished my pee but stand on a very wet patch of road, they don’t seem to notice. After a swim and lunch it is a short ride to Milonas waterfall path. No one at the parking area where I take the path, a half mile walk to the falls. It is hot so I drink plenty and pee in my wet shorts as I walk. 

I do pass a couple, but the waterfall is deserted. The pool is very small but in this heat I stand under the water spray wetting my shorts and vest top to cool off. The walk back is easier and downhill, but being wet all over hides my pee I’ve just let out from other tourists I pass. I have an hours ride to the expressway so pee and swim before that section begins, and drink more water. Half an hour along the expressway I pull over into a parking area, as I get off the scooter I let another pee run down my legs and out of my sandals, the van nearby looks unoccupied. Another half hour I’m back at my main base, the shorts are mostly dry although a bit yellow as I walk through the complex to my room here. A piss in the shower through my shorts rounds of my pissy four days.

The warm climate of Greece is a great place to indulge pee fetish, and the breeze on a motor scooter dries clothes easily. It is naughty public peeing with only little risk.

