First real wetting experience

Author: brs

*000*2019-04-16 23:29

So last summer when I made my original account on here I ended up doing a few holds, one which resulted in an uncontrolled wetting experience. I don't remember much about the whole thing other than I went into it wanting to just do a hold and on my way to the bathroom I ended up wetting myself and couldn't stop. Honestly it was terrifying, wetting myself through my pants and underwear but other than the fear I don't remember much.

After making my new account yesterday I thought maybe I should just try doing another hold again today. I remember I sort of enjoyed doing holds, I liked the feeling of being full and the pressure was sort of comforting. So today I drank 500 mL of water every 30 min until I had about 2 liters in me. In about an hour I started feeling the building pressure in my bladder and really felt it in my crotch. My stomach was pretty bloated and protruding, unusual for me as I'm a pretty skinny girl and I thought I would just end the hold there as I had a place to be in 45 min. As I was getting ready to use the bathroom I thought maybe instead of just making this a hold I'd actually do a wetting in a controlled environment.

So I tried just standing in the shower in my underwear but nothing was really happening despite the pressure and oncoming desperation. So instead I thought I'd try and start by peeing in the toilet first, stop peeing, then move to the shower and pee through my panties there. Once I got the first bit of pee going in the toilet I stood up and hobbled over to the shower and tried peeing again. I couldn't get it going standing up so I opted for crouching on the floor in the beginning.

When I was a kid I was never the type to have accidents so I don't have any real memory of pissing myself and what that felt like. I blocked out the memory from last summer as peeing uncontrollably was terrifying and I was not a big fan of it. But as I started peeing through my panties in the shower it was somewhat relieving and not nearly as scary as I had more control. Eventually I stood up an continued peeing and it was strange, I didn't expect it to feel so warm. My breath was heaving and I think at one point I started crying, all the sensations were very new and kind of overwhelming for me.

By the end of it my underwear was soaked and I was standing in a large puddle of my own piss. After taking a moment to myself I started frantically cleaning my underwear in the water of my shower and took a shower as well. A part of me is extremely disgusted at what I did today but I also kind of want to do it again. The sensations I felt were so strange and foreign and maybe even a little nice? It was weird peeing through my underwear but feeling the warmth go down my legs was oddly satisfying, maybe even a little comforting.

I don't know exactly how I feel about it though but I'm wondering if I should do it again. If anyone has any advice or thoughts for me that would be great.

*002*2019-04-17 22:55

{{4 hours ago, Haburashi said:

If you enjoy it, you should do it again sometime! But I don't press you to do it. Maybe you feel grossed out by it at first. Do it in your own pace.

For me it can be stress relieving aswell.

}}

Yes it was quite strange but maybe I'll give it another shot

*005*2019-04-19 13:21

{{8 hours ago, Ranpalan said:

Cool experience! Two liters is a lot, though; did you have any trouble later that day?

}}

Yeah it was super easy for me to get bloated and filled up quickly later that day which made things kind of difficult. Any time I would drink something I immediately felt it

