Submissive Wetting (due to rough sex)

Author: NerdyGayBoy

*000*2022-07-15 11:42

Several days ago I was having sex with a friend. He and I have both wanted to do that with each other for a very long time, so to say it was enthusiastic would be an understatement. He wanted to dom me and top me at the same time.

I was laying face down on the bed and he was on top of me and getting incredibly aggressive. (I wanted that and enjoyed it.) I guess the pressure of my belly against the bed combined with him hitting my bladder made me start leaking. I couldn't stop, and every time he thrusted in it forced me to pee harder.

It felt physically hot coming out, and I could feel it pooling under me. I was enjoying him too much to say anything. What he was doing still felt really good, so I didn't want to throw him off his rhythm. I just kept helplessly peeing while he went at it.

When he was done, I sat up and saw the huge unmistakable wet spot I left. Embarrassed, I blushed hard and found myself unable to come up with the right words.

Then my friend tried to sit in the middle of the bed where the puddle was, and I had to stop him and let him know he made me pee on myself. He didn't seem to care that much... just seemed to be a bit impressed that he could fuck someone so hard that would happen.

*002*2022-07-21 03:42

{{On 7/15/2022 at 5:04 AM, Weather said:

I love it! ❤ Have you two talked about anything else omorashi?

In terms of homosexual omorashi specifically, I enjoy the thought of being submissive myself. Being trapped in a man's embrace and either struggling and being restrained, or just wiggling against him without attempting to fight my way out of the hug, are what I personally think of. Add in a side of oral ☺

}}

We have, actually! He knows all my kinks, so he knows I'm into it. He said it's not something he's into at all, but doesn't judge me for being into it. He's into a lot of uncommon kinks himself. It's good that he knows I like it, even if he doesn't participate.

He'd never topped before until recently, so as part of my explaining it to him, I warned him that depending on the guy bottoming, he might make the bottom pee a bit if he does it a certain way.

This time when I wet, I'd actually gone to the bathroom not too long before we had sex. When he made me have an accident, I ended up completely emptying my bladder. There wasn't a lot in it, but way more than I thought would be. It definitely caught me off guard to be able to feel my pee spraying out hard and not being able to do anything to stop it. I enjoyed being so thoroughly vulnerable and humiliated.

I actually have seen my friend desperate a couple of times. We've known each other for several years, and he's pretty close (in a number of ways) with both me and my boyfriend. Statistically the amount of time we've spent together made it probable.

Actually, relevant to what you mentioned, one of the times we were watching a movie together I didn't know he needed to go to the bathroom. The movie was really long and he'd had a ton of sugary drinks. By the end of the movie we were cuddling and play fighting very lightly. I pinned him down by laying on top of him for a second. At that point, he made a strange face and said very urgently that he had to go to the bathroom right then.

*005*2022-07-29 05:55

{{On 7/21/2022 at 4:56 AM, Crazi Mathx said:

Damn……..dont judge me (im not American too) but can we say he f*cked the pee out of u?(if its wrong in any way sorry it was unintentional (just being safe)

}}

He did literally fuck the piss out of me haha!

*006*2022-07-29 06:04

{{On 7/21/2022 at 1:49 PM, CarmenCD said:

Rough sex and bdsm games can easily make you pee, when you have full bladder and pressure is applied to it. It happened to me a few times already. First time, when I was pushed against the table and taken from behind. I couldn't hold it. Every time he pushed, I peed a little. It made me start peeing eventually. Before it was over, was my bladder pretty empty too and a puddle on the floor.

}}

That's really hot! I think this has to be my favorite kind of wetting, both to experience and see. I've made someone else pee from rough sex a few times before. He was embarrassed but I thought it was cute.

As for myself, I enjoy the aspect of being fully at someone else's mercy, given that I trust that person. My friend is really gentle in regular life, so he's my favorite person to be dommed by because I know he's always looking out for me.

