An Experience with my Ex

Author: Lavender-Omo

*000*2018-12-05 01:33

- This is cross posted from tumblr since it's dying and I don't want to lose such a fun story. A little bit of background, I was dating this guy for a few years and it was revealed to me that he was pretty into omorashi. He had found out about it from a girl he used to date and had some fun with it but I was never really sure how much he was into it until this interaction. At the time I lived in an apartment with some friends and he would spend the night on occasion. This story contains some sex and sexual descriptions. I just copy pasted the post with a few minor edits. -

My boyfriend loves to tease me and he’s been really out of the loop on some very fun holds lately so when he finally had me in person again he was very interested in having some omo fun. So we talked it over and I decided to do a hold while we hung out with friends. Several slices of pizza and a ton of soda later, I was getting pretty desperate.

It was getting bad and I had trouble sitting still, not helped my his playful pokes and grabs as I struggled to appear composed. It wasn’t going to work much longer, I kept having to cross my legs and stretch to make room for my bladder. When I started to bounce unconsciously I knew it was bad, normally I don’t ever get to that point in public… But this was bad. I quietly excused myself and tried to text him but I was too desperate. I flopped onto my bed and called him in to say goodnight but when he got in the room and saw me squirming on the bed he knew the real reason.

I was at a solid 9.5/10, so full I was frantic but I knew I could hold for maybe 30 more minutes if I really committed and fuck did I commit.

He told me I had to wait a few minutes until he was done hanging out with our friends but he stayed on the bed with me, tickling me and pressing hard on my full bladder. It was amazing but I was nearing my limit. I was begging and gasping for him to finish me off and let me go. I was so desperate I could feel myself just barely holding back the flood. And then one of our friends walked in and I stopped moving entirely.

Somehow I managed several sentences, legs tightly crossed under the covers, that seemed as though I was just feeling sick until she had left at which point I grabbed myself and wiggled and kicked so hard just to stop the slow trickle that was escaping. I was panicking. But it felt like heaven.

He had me put my hands above my head, and started pressing my tummy and bladder strategically looking for the most tender spot to torment me and holding me down in place with his body and other hand. At this point I was soaking wet with arousal and so desperate I wasn’t able to even breathe properly.

He started to tease me, not quite touching my clit for long stretches then not letting up at all. I have never felt so conflicted as my bladder pulsed and I felt myself get closer and closer to orgasm, I came so hard I pushed my body into his fingers and I lost a huge spurt of pee. I cried out, so embarrassed and overwhelmed that my bladder would give up now. Not yet… So I tightened my legs around his hand and stopped the spray.

He smiled, nowhere near as mortified by the event as I was. “So you can hold it a little longer now right?”

I just about came again just hearing him. I think in all maybe twenty more minutes of teasing happened before we started get into things a bit more seriously. He wanted me to ride him for a minute so I tried… I was shaking and struggling just to move and once on top I felt his hard dick pushing into my bladder and there just wasn’t room, he could feel it too… I was so full it was bulging… I barely made it but the position worked as a plug of sorts. Which would not do for him. I was told to lean over the bed, a brutal feeling. I was nearly peeing on the carpet in my room, I felt it running down my leg. He fucked me from behind and some thrusts felt so much like they’d burst me wide open.

At this point I was in heaven but if I wanted to keep myself full until he came I knew I had to move. I was in pure bliss, absolutely fucking lost in it but I managed to tell him I needed to move and he let me but I had to do it without any help. I struggled again, actually a fucking 15/10 now, slowly leaking with each breath and absolutely fucking soaked with arousal to the point I couldn’t tell the difference. I slid onto my back and he lifted my legs to fuck me, pushing my thighs into my bladder.

I came for maybe the fifth time, squirting and losing control intermittently but not much… I held tight. He came hard and fell onto my stomach and bladder, almost making me explode and begged and begged him to let go. He finally did but I was so desperate that I had to take a moment to be able to stand. I wanted so much to just let go and flood any and everything underneath me but I had to get myself together. It took forever to make it to the bathroom and I fucking burst as soon as the door closed, I was holding and twisting right up on I sat down on the toilet…. So yeah… I had fun ♡

*004*2018-12-12 22:00

{{On 12/6/2018 at 9:39 PM, ourwetsecret said:

This sounded like it was a lot of fun! I am surprised you were able to hold after cumming so many times, for me I would’ve emptied my bladder by the first

}}

It was definitely a challenge!!! Holding through an orgasm is a unique experience.

