The night of the concert

Author: Kayden

*000*2011-06-27 14:50

I like to write fictions, but I never wrote about the real life omorashi experiences I've had.

And when I witnessed wetting during a concert/trip, I thought it was time to write about a real life story. Finally I had an experience that was worth writing about.

Two weeks ago, when two of my friends BOTH wet themselves.

It was the day of a big concert I was going to attend with two friends.

The day started when we met each other on the train station 7:00 in the morning. We would take the train to the airport and take the plane to

France, Paris, where a big concert was being helt.

Around 12:00 we reached the airport and our plane left 14:30.

So check in and everything. And finally we were on the airplane.

The three of us didn't have much time to go to the bathroom.

During the train trip the bathrooms on-board were closed and on the airport we only had about 30 minutes left to go from the place we needed to check in to the gate and board because of the long lines. So after take-off my two friends hurried to the bathroom. First my friend Michelle returned. She sat down next to me and whispered. "Phew, that was close. I was on the edge of wetting myself." As an omorashi fan this opened my ears.

But she changed subjects and started talking about how much she liked this guy from the band we were going to see.

Finally my other friend, Leyanne, returned. She pushed Michelle from her seat (because she had stolen it to talk to me) and almost said the same thing. "I really needed to go bad, don't you need to go?" she asked. And I shook my head.

The case was, I had already wet myself. I was wearing diapers.

I know I have the smallest bladder in the world, so better protect myself. It was some sort of relief too, I knew they didn't notice.

Around 17:30 we arrived at the airport. We had a really bad delay and needed to be on the other side of Paris before 19:00. So there was no time for any stops and we hurried to the underground station.

We needed to switch lines four times and arrived around 18:45 at the hotel. After a quick check-in and dropping off our luggage we hurried to the concert. Again, no stops. The doors of the concert would close at 19:00 and we had only 15 minutes to get there.

We made it in time, taking the underground only took 7 minutes including walking to the concert hall. So finally we were in the line and our tickets were being checked. This was a little pause of the blank-minded hurry for the past 1,5 hours.

And somehow this had made the three of us needing a bathroom again.

We were in line for quite a time before we could enter the concert hall.

We found the perfect place to stand, and soon we were surrounded by other fans, there was almost no-one standing in front of us but behind us a crowd had blocked the way out. Michelle tapped my shoulder and said she was going to the bathroom quick, but Leyanne stopped her. Our places had a perfect view, close to the stage, and if one of us left another fan would take her place. So she stood next to me again. Now I knew she was becoming desperate, and I couldn't stop myself from looking at her, she was wiggling a little and now and then she had her hand on the front of her jeans. That didn't really matter, it was dark anyways.

Finally the show started, and the crowd started yelling.

Of course I was paying attention to the artists, who were coming so close to us I could faint. But the desperation of my friend grabbed back my attention once in a while, when Michelle jumped and wiggled around. And all of sudden Leyanne had grabbed my arm too.

"Oh my god I need to pee so bad I can't hold it." She half-cried.

She had been desperate too, without my knowledge. "Go, I'll keep your place." I told her. But she refused. "I want to see the band, and

I know their up next." She told me. And what she told me next was even more amazing to me. "maybe I should just wet myself."

My eyes widened. "WHAT?!"

"I would do anything to see the band, even wet myself."

I was shocked. "In the plane I put on one of the diapers my brother wears for his bed-wetting." She said at a volume the crowd wouldn't hear.

I couldn't be more shocked. Not only was my friend desperate, about to wet herself, she was also wearing a diaper. It made my head spin, beside the spinning caused by seeing my favorite band live for the first time.

The next few seconds I stayed focussed on Leyanne. Who seemed to stay desperate, maybe she was affraid to wet the diaper. And suddenly I heard a squeal.

Michelle was standing next to me with her legs crossed and her hand between them, soon I noticed her jeans darkening and after a few seconds even the floor.

The desperation of Leyanne made me forget about Michelle, I didn't even notice her anymore. She was still standing crouched and stepped close to me.

"Did anyone notice? Hide me!" She panicked. But the crowd around her was fixated on the stage and the artists. So I told her not to worry. She took my words, calmed down a bit and thanked me for some reason. The concert would only last

20 more minutes and she could change. When I said that I heard a sigh of relief next to me. Leyanne told me 20 more minutes could be possible.

So she didn't have to wet herself.

20 Minutes later one of the bands was standing on stage. And I was wondering if they were announcing the end of the concert. Because many populair songs missed and a whole band didn't have stage time yet. Leyanne tapped my shoulder, noticing the same thing she said. "I don't think this is the end." She crossed her legs and leaned against the fence. And we were right. Another band was on stage and a new song started. "I'm going to do it. Don't look." Leyanne told me. And she released her hand from her jeans. I tried not to look, or at least not to be noticed looking.

Was she really going to wet herself? I half focussed, but nothing happened.

The diaper she was wearing soaked everything up. And she sighed in relief.

"Thank god I could fit this diaper." She said after a while. And got really silent after that.

I was not that desperate. But the idea of standing between both of my friends, one wearing wet jeans, the other wearing a wet diaper, made me wet myself.

To finish the story. When we walked out of the concert hall we noticed Michelles jeans weren't that wet any more and in the darkness you couldn't even see they were. We walked back to the hotel room, where we got some strange looks from the owner. And after all taking a shower a sudden question was asked.

"How could you sit there without wet jeans when we didn't see you go into any bathroom today?"

I just explained everything. I ended up confessing I wear diapers during trips and at night. Michelle confessed she was wearing her brothers diaper during the concert.

And even Leyanne confessed something, she had stacked some sanitary pads in her underwear for cases of emergency. But they ended up being useless. We still laugh about this adventure, we were all prepared to wet ourselves, just so we could keep seeing the band.

Because we all kind of wet ourselves, there is nothing to be ashamed of.

For the three of us, it was just a fun trip. And even though we wanted this story to stay between us, I have their permission to share it with the world of people who enjoy wetting.

Kayden

*I wrote this story in the middle of the night. So there could be some major mistakes in it.

I'm too lazy to find them. So comments about this are okay, as long as it isn't only about my mistakes.

Reminder: English isn't my first or best language.

Comments please =D

*005*2011-06-28 15:20

Thanks for the comments guys! =D

{{ 

Nice story, glad you guys had a good laugh about this. By the way, what band were you three willing to wet yourselves for?

}}

Thanks. We were going to see SMTOWN Live Tour in Paris and we were all exited about the band SHINee =D

We knew they were one of the first to perform so we didn't want to leave the pit ><

