Two Qucik Stories

Author: AtomicBob

*000*2012-06-14 02:57

Unfortunately my first hand experiences have been quite limited in this area. Here's what I have so far:

One of my current friends, who is a girl but not a girlfriend (unfortunately), likes to hang out with "the guys". She is very open about her need to pee when she does, just like one of us guys saying we have to go take a pee or something. Anyway, I noticed she does not like to hold it for very long if a bathroom is not available when she needs to pee, and in my ever so subtle ways asked her about this. She was open about what had happened to her. When she was 13 or so, she went Camping with her family in a woods where there were no facilities

She was never instructed on how a woman should pee outdoors and she didn't figure it out on her own. So she held, or so she claims, her pee for five (5!) days until they were done with the camping trip. How she managed that I do not know, but I sure would've loved to have been there. I figured her body would give up sometime and she would've wet herself or just asked how the hell she was supposed to go in the woods. I guess it still affects her to this day as she has expressed not liking have to hold it and it seems to me that she might even have a weak bladder now partially in part because of it.

My ears perk up anytime she now mentions or gives any indication that she needs to pee. Now because she is also my friend, I do not wish her to pee herself and humiliate herself, but a guy can dream...

One of my only real life girlfriends, they same one I tried and failed to bring up this fetish, used to work at the same place I did for awhile. Neither of us had a car and it was a good several mile walk to my house and a bit further to her's. I always walked her home then walked back to my house to make sure she got home safe and whatnot. We worked the closing shift in a restaurant so we could be very late some nights. One night in particular she started showing signs of being desperate to pee after we had already closed and were a few miles into out walk home (I had not yet brought up the topic of my fetish with her). Again being at very late at night there was no where else open at the time and she would just have to suck it up and make the walk to her house, or pop a squat somewhere.

I tried to convince her that she could just go off the road about 10 feet and being in the woods to go, which was quite true. Either she didn't like the idea of peeing outdoors or I don't know what, but she wasn't having any of that. So we kept walking to her house at a quickened pace. Not too terribly far from her house, she stopped and didn't think she was going to make it. She managed to take off her pants (they were jeans or overalls that had buttons on the side) and she was just in her black panties. I guess she didn't want to get her pants wet. 

But when she got her pants off, she just couldn't go. I again don't know if it was because she was outside or because I was there, she just couldn't pee. So she gave herself a squeeze and got back up and we kept walking, her without her pants on still. We did make it to her house and she must have still been dry or mostly so as I would've heard her (and then stared at her) if she lost it. You can see someone naked, have sex with them, but they can't or won't pee in front of you. Go figure.

Edit: And I'm an idiot. Can someone tell me or a moderator just fix my spelling mistake in the title? Thanks in advanced.

