Soooo many beers

Author: jay1006

*000*2012-05-31 18:05

As we all know, beer runs through us very quicklly!! It taste good but too much will have you shaking and dribiling lol.

One weekend i decided to return to my home town which i havent been in about 5 years. seen lots of family and freiends, some married, some have kids and etc.Friday night my friends took me back to our local hang out spot at the bowling alley. We are bowling and drinking, we have a Desingated Driver so we are good. played about 3 games and 2 beers each game. (try and keep count lol) no desire to pee at all at that time. we heard to the bar downtown and the car hits this bump in the road and set off a quick urge. i swear a little dribbled out, so i felt. we arrive at the bar and im excited to see how things changed since i moved away. 

As we enter i get bombarded by old friends and they all wanna buy me a shot or a beer. bladder is trying to tell me something but excitement is pushing it to the side. i see a old team mate and he buys me a beer, then i see an old friend and he tells me he just had a baby so i buy him a beer along with me. me and my guys i came with all do some Ciroc shots......then my bladder starts to double in size it felt like. 2 beers and 2 shots in the matter of...30 mins plus the ones from the bowling alley. i stagger to the bathroom and relieve some pressure but barely made a stream of about 10 seconds (wierd).

We head across the street to the Irish pub and OMG i hear "whats up big jay" from about 20 people and then the madness begins. we drank and drank till i was reciting "She wants to move by NERD" to this girl.im a pretty big guy 6'8" 280lbs so i can hold alot but i was holding too much!!! i make way to the back to pee and 3 people stop and talk to me, it was extremely hard to focus when i had pee running out my eyes my bladder was so full. finally get to the back and lord behold a line from hell to pee. it was like they were giving away money the line was so long. i proceed to the front to pee out in the alley. then i see this HS crush and she stops me.

My pee subsides and LUST is in my eyes. we talk and drink a beer (bad idea) then we make plans to meet at this hotel later. as i put her number in my iphone she says "lets do a shot". my bladder started yelling NO! you dumbass there is nowhere to put it! lol as the shot went down i found out that my bladder wasnt lying. i began to litterally push people to the side to get out of there and pee! i make it to the alley, and at this point i didnt care who was out there. i unzip and whip it out and start to pee, I heard the angels sing, birds chirp, and it was marvelous but it doesnt stop here. as i look up these girls walk by and i was wayyy too drunk and too full to stop so i continue my stream that was about 3 feet. One girls says oh shit how much did you drink? other says wow! nice cock!

They litterally stopped and watched me. might i say i have never had anyone watch me pee but it was amazing to these girls. im wetting a river and these girls are watching, how fucking cool is that?. i hit the 45 sec mark and the dark haired girl said dude you pee like a damn horse! but wasnt done i might had peed for 1:20 at least. and whern i was done then dark haired girl comes over and grabs my dick and zips me up and takes me back inside to do more drinking. needless to say she became my fuck for the night not the girl who held me up at the bar. one of the best wets and endings i had in a while.

