Cut Short

Author: SeptemberMess

*000*2016-08-29 08:10

Held my pee for the first time in a super long time today. Was going to wait till I couldn't anymore; seeing as that seems to yield positive results for many people. Why not try it myself? Well I went potty in the shower around noon so I could start this with an empty bladder, went to work at two till nine. I always end up closing but the customer service booth, which isn't very fun. Drank a glass of water before work living in high heat you end up drinking a lot of liquids. before long I was probably at a 2/10. At work I always by the 1.25 Liter bottles of various soda, today was Mountain Dew. Finished that around 4. Just started to really feel my bladder fill up, nothing serious yet around a 4/10. Bought another 1.25 Liter of Dr. Pepper (My two favorites~) Only got half way finished with that one before it got super busy in the store around 5:30-5:45. Totally focused on getting the customers dealt with I completely ignored my bladder.

By the end of the shift I was dancing around hoping from foot to foot. At least a 5-6/10. It was getting uncomfortable but I could still wait, my bladder can be pretty strong when I need it to, like on family road trips. After work the cute butcher boy needed a ride home, I couldn't let him walk, his house is just over 8 miles away from our store. Fairly quick drive no problem, issue arose when he invited me in for a late dinner. Now co-workers aren't supposed to date, for obvious reasons, but that didn't mean the store had to ever find out or at the least a fling or two couldn't be so bad. But as it would turn out time nor my bladder was on my side at this dinner. It was already past 10pm and we had just begun eating. Out of no where my bladder was a 9/10 I was starting to slowly leak every few minutes.

I couldn't piss myself in front of him, inside his house of all places, it'd be too embarrassing and he'd most likely never talk to me again, the lingering thought of rumors being spread about it as well was in the air. So I had to excuse myself to the restroom before things got really bad. Thankfully I made it with only my grey panties being a little worse for wear. Worse part though is such a great feeling went to waste as I didn't get the desired accident nor any fun with a cute boy. Though he did kiss me goodnight as an additional thank you for the ride and whatnot. I think if it hadn't been so late into the night then it would have turned out differently. And maybe some of my thoughts at the time were over reacting, he's a really chill guy so I doubt he would have out right never spoken to me again but the idea of it scares. On the flip side how awesome would it have been if he was into this sort of thing too. Then the soon to be accident would have been really exciting.

