Wonderful Desperation Sighting I had

Author: BrewedInMilwaukee

*000*2012-09-29 00:48

This happened about a year ago.

I was walking around downtown Milwaukee with a full bladder, something I like to do on occasion, hoping to get any reactions to my obvious desperate state, or possibly witness someone who may be desperate themselves. Anyways, I came to a red light and I noticed a woman with brown hair, very shapely body, dressed in a brown skirt suit with a matching jacket and black pantyhose, probably in her late 30s.

She was standing next to me. What caught my attention, besides how attractive she was, was that I noticed her doing the occasional leg cross and a bounce of the legs. I wasn't sure if she had to pee or not, but I was intrigued enough to keep walking the same direction as her.

The light went green and we kept walking. I didn't notice anything unusual about her walk, but we got to another red light at the next corner and I was noticing more of the same. She crossed her legs more, a little more frequently, uncrossed then and dangled her right leg in the air.

It became quire obvious to me that she must really have to use the bathroom. I was feeling pretty desperate myself, so it didn't take much exaggeration when I came up next to her and crossed my legs, and even did a crotch grab. As daring as I felt, I figured I'd start conversation with her. After all, what did I have to lose? I'd probably never see her again.

"Beautiful day for a walk, isn't it," I said. She turned to me and responded. "Oh I know. I'm just getting back from lunch. I had to get out of the office and enjoy some of this weather."

The light went green and we started walking. Soon and we started crossing the street, I made a quick comment about the light changing.

"About time we can walk. I would have the type of luck to hit every red light when I'm absolutely dying to pee."

With her response, I nearly died.

"Oh god, me too," She said. "I had a a bit too much caffeine at lunch and it's making this walk very painful for me."

We ended up hitting another red light and once again, she crossing one leg over the other and bouncing her legs in place. I was wondering how much longer she was going to walk and if she was going to make it. I knew I had to think of a way that I could reasonably follow her.

I told her I was from out of town and if she knew where any public restrooms were. My own bouncing and fidgeting at each red light made it apparent that I didn't have long before I could flood my jeans.

"We're almost at my office," She said. "Follow me."

After another block, we got to her building and went for the elevator. It was a tall building,so we were left waiting for a few minutes. I snuck a look at her legs, desperately bouncing and crossing, and I could only think about how much her bladder was crying out for relieve. The elevator arrives and we get in. She presses floor 21. For the entire ride, both of us in our desperation were dancing around for the 21 floor ride. I even went as far as to bend forward and grab my crotch.

"You must have to go as bad as I do," I said to her. She laughed.

"No kidding. I think it's about to come out of my eyes."

We got to the 21st floor.

"Follow me." She said.

We make a right walk down the hallway of her office building. We came to a set of doors. One said "Men" and the other said "Women". I thanked her for her help, but wishing she wouldn't have made it. I go in as well, undo my pants just before my bladder flooded my pants. I probably peed for a good two minutes.

Unfortunately, that was the last I would see of the woman.

