Car Desperation

Author: Starkiller20

*000*2021-12-11 20:27

Guys so its my first time actually sharing this stuff so like excuse the shitty writing n alll.

Hey so lemme tell u a bit about how it got here.

So i live in India and we were on a vacation to coorg,this hilly region. It was me my gf and a couple of our college friends. After the vacay we had go leave earlier than the rest as i had my sems the very next day so we took a rental and drove to Bangalore which was about 4-5 hours away.

We left very early around 6 ish in a attempt to beat the traffic n the first 3 hrs went fairly without any problem, my gf il call her Veda was about 5 4 with a curvaceous body that would make anyone look twice. On this occasion she was wearing a dress which came till her thighs along with black lingerie.

India has very shitty public washrooms and it's almost impossible to find good ones on the road so most girls just hold till the reach home or the hotel.

It was the end of diwali vacation so the streets were filled with cars as we got closer and closer to the city. It came to the point where all i coukd see was bumper to bumper traffic.Ut was at this time i slightly noticed her crossing and uncrossing her legs i asked her if everything was okay to which she replied that it was super cold,we had just been dating for 2 months so she probably didn't feel comfortable enough with me to tell she has to pee.At the time it was also very humid, and she had chugged a whole bottle of coke 500ml aa well as the coffee we got at the resort so it must have been really getting to her now.

But mind u we were in a highway and the was no way i could pull even if i wanted too.I was stuck in the middle lane and it was virtually impossible for me to change lanes at all.So even tho we were moving at snails pace she didnt mind much and was still her usually bubbly self. We had been stuck in traffic for almost an hr and half now. it was more than obvious she had to pee she kept shuffling her legs around and was almost at the point of holding herself.

I kinda wanted her to tell me about her predicament,and so didnt question her further about it.

She was now full on squirming and has resorted to putting one hand on her pee hole. This is when she finally opened up and admitted she had to go,i told her il pull into the next dhaka as soon as possible but it could be a while considering the traffic. She went back to focusing on keeping it in the whole squirming thing continued and she was now severally bouncing up and down. i asked her how bad it was she told me the only thing keepin' it from comin' out was her hands she then asked if we had a bottle of any sorts.

I told her about the coke bottle , she asked me to find it and i kid u not i leggit could not find it i aksed her if she chucked ut from the window n then it her that she had.

This was the moment she realised she might actually wet herself which was pretty embarrassing and the fact it was a rental car was worse as we would have to pay quite a lot if it was soaked in pee. I did get her a towel and told her to go a bit if it was too much pain.

She then said she wouldn't be able to stop if it started.By now the traffic had cleared up a bit, and we were cruising along at 60km/hr. If she could just hold on for another 20 mins we would reach my friends house. She gave me a look which said that was impossible. 5 more mins passed u could see the bulge as she had hicked up her dress to get it out of the way it was rock hard and she was well beyond her capacity at this point. She started leaking into the towel it was still small spurts but ik wasn't going to stay that way for long. We were almost off the highway and turned into this semi residential road at which point she said pull over by some tress before i lose it here. I immediately stopped she froze for a sec and in one fluid motion removed her panties with one hand while still holding herself with the other she asked me to open the door as she would go full on if she even moved an inch.

Once i got the door open that was it , i think being this close to freedom her bladder just gave in , streaks started coming down her legs onto the asphalt just pooling there. She then squatted right by the car and peed for like about a min or so but holy shit it was like waterfall it kept on going n going.

After she was done, we inspected the car the seats were fine thankfully but the towel and her panties were a hot mess.

This was my first real experience and boy oh boy it was definitely worth the wait.

