Dinner and a (Private) Show

Author: Bakingbaked

*000*2017-08-08 21:46

I moved out of state a few years back for work and a few times a year family comes out to visit me. My grandparents were in town and offered to take my boyfriend and I out to eat. Muy boyfriend was sick and decided to stay home, so i made the trip alone. My grandparents don't like to drive too far as we live near to a big city. So we decided to eat locally. Anytime I'm out at dinner I find myself sipping on drinks left and right..despite my smaller bladder. Well this night was no different. We had Morrocan food which was interesting but I also ordered a mint tea(amazing!). By the time we had finished eating my bladder was feeling pretty full.

My grandparents were staying in a hotel near to my apartment also near to the restaurant we're eating at. It would take me probably a total of 10 minutes to head back to their place and then leave to make back to my apartment. Of course I underestimated, and had a quick chat with my grandparents before they returned to their hotel room. I felt that I might be able to make it, but shortly after I got into my driver's seat, I quickly changed my mind. It had been awhile since I had done anything in public, so I thought why not give this a try. I figured I was still pretty in control of the situatuon. I had a cup in my front seat, and thought maybe I can use this to pee in and then I'll dump it out outside..That way no one will see. I hop in the backseat now feeling more and more Urgent by the second. Just thinking about relieving myself makes it harder to hold.

I had to grab myself for a bit to regain control and unbutton my jeans. After a second(I couldn't wait much longer!) I tried to line the cup up with myself, and start peeing. But my need was more than I prepared for and creeping up on me so I began to pee a bit too soon and it hit my car seat! I fixed that quick but then noticed my next problem, this cup was just a little too small... so I stopped myself midstream as best I can. I grab the spare towel that I keep in my trunk, dumo my cup, and set that up in my backseat getting ready to start again. By now I felt I was going to have an accident and couldn't pull my pants back down without leaking. I grabbed myself and rocked back and forth a bit longer finally regaining control.

Then I repositioned but again couldn't wait for that damn cup! I leaked on the towel again thinking maybe I'll just let go right here on this towel, but my bladder was still sloshing and full so I thought that might not be able to hold me..I emptied that cup and refilled it again..and again..positioning myself just right and trying to stay still while enjoying the amazing feeling a full relief...until I was all done and shaking from the excitement of a near accident.Thankfully i was by the grass and no one was too nearby. At one point I thought I was going to lose it in my jeans and all over my backseat. It was so fun I had to tell someone! Hope you all enjoyed :D

