First time wetting in front of wife.

Author: alaskadl

*000*2018-09-08 20:54

I have enjoyed all kinds of wetting for as long as I can remember, including desperation, holding, clothes wetting and diapers. I have never shared it with anyone else including my wife and always play when i'm alone.

I do sometimes try some holding when she is around to see how long I can make it before becoming desperate. The other day we were working around the house and I decided to have a little fun holding. Not too long into it we got a call. A friend of our was stuck on the side of the road about 45 minutes away with a flat tire and needed help. My wife decided to stay at the house so I loaded up and headed out. On the way I stopped at the gas station and grabbed a green tea in addition to the drink I already had.

Before I reached my friend I had finished both drinks and wished I had bought another. It didn't take long to get him back on the road and I was soon headed back to the house. I was starting to feel my bladder fill but was not separate yet. About ten minutes from the house he called and had another flat tire not far from where he was at.

So I had to turn around and head back. Before I did i stopped and got a couple of sodas as these normally run right through. Before I reached him I downed one of the sodas and by this time was feeling the need to go pretty bad. Once again I got him going but this time took a little longer. When I got back on the road i was feeling the urge pretty bad. Nevertheless I kept sipping on the last soda on the way home.

About ten minutes from the house I was squirming in my seat and had a hand squeezing my crotch. Then when I was about a mile from my house I started leaking in spurts. A little bit of this and I could feel the crotch of my pants getting wet. I knew if my wife was busy I might still be able to get to the bathroom without her noticing and get changed. When I pulled in to the driveway I saw she was outside in the front of the house and was walking towards where I park. By this time I had to go so bad I was beyond caring if she noticed. As soon as I parked i jumped out of the truck and that was it. I began to flood my pants right in front of her with no hope of stopping.

It took her a second to realize what was happening and as soon as she did her mouth dropped open. She asked what happened, duh! I told her I thought I would be able to make it home but misjudged. She was OK with it, just surprised.

I was able to play this one off, but it's the closest i've came to being caught while playing.

$$

*003*2018-09-12 18:35

{{22 minutes ago, jjpeewet said:

You need to make it happen again

}}

It won't be the last time.

{{17 minutes ago, Lils said:

Nice experience! Did you enjoy getting caught or did it freak you out a little?

}}

I definitely got a thrill out of it. I didn't plan to get caught but I'm glad I did.

