First Scene with my Puppy

Author: MistressVenus

*000*2021-07-11 06:07

Omo has been my biggest kink as a Domme for years. I have wanted to do this type of play with a sub as far back as I can remember but had never been bold enough to bring it up. Funny how it felt so taboo - but that's another topic.

Last weekend I was playing with my new sub, who is a cis male puppy. We had discussed this type of play and agreed it could be used as a punishment. He had really after up earlier in the week so it was time....

We sat down to watch a movie and I gave him my 600ml drink bottle filled with his favourite cordial/squash. I told him to drink up and gave gentle nudges to keep him moving fast. I refilled it 15 minutes into the movie and told him he had until 30 mins in to drink it. He did so. This was when he first asked to be excused. 'Um, Master, can I please be excused?'

No.

I switched to water and gave him another bottle. He asked again pretty soon. I asked him why he wanted to be excused and he said to use the bathroom - I told him no, and laughed. He got very huffy which was adorable. I made him keep drinking and he started to fidget after the third bottle and 50 minutes into our movie. I chastised him for not paying attention. He was laying with his head in my lap. He finished the 3rd bottle and I refilled.

'Master, please, I need the bathroom'

'But puppy, we're watching a movie. No!'

He whined and hid his face and so I decided to see how bad it really was. I brushed my fingers down his side to tickle him and he he went very stiff and quiet and kept trying to stop me.

'Master, I really have to go. Really badly'

'Aww puppy. I don't care.'

As he finished the fourth bottle he told me he couldn't wait. That it was hurting. He was begging me to let him be excused. I sighed and made him sit up, and sat over his lap. He cried out from the pressure and begged me more, so I dragged him to the bathroom and made him strip to his underwear. He moved so slowly and carefully. I pushed him to my shower and cuffed his hands over his head. I stood in front of the nearby toilet and flushed it. He whimpered and I reminded him not to make a mess of himself, to be a good housetrained little pet. He wouldn't make eye contact.

I ran the sink and he couldn't stay still. I laughed and poked at his rock hard bladder, he begged me not to. This was when he first leaked. He cried out and a small dark patch appeared on his underwear. I stroked his face and told him to hold on, to do me proud. He was so embarrassed and his legs were shaking.

He kept apologising over and over and I knew why - he started to wet himself. I told him to stop and he cried that he couldn't. I knew I had pushed him as far as he could go now and told him to let go. He cried out in relief as it ran down his legs to the shower floor.

I told him I was disappointed he couldn't hold it for me, and that he needed to get cleaned up. I first dragged him out of the shower and made him look at himself in the mirror, covered in his own piss. I made him make eye contact with himself. He was absolutely humiliated. I ran the shower nice and hot and climbed in with him. He wouldn't make eye contact. I took his underwear off and let the water run over him.

I decided to be a little mean as pushed down on his bladder again. He gasped and I grinned.

'You still need to go don't you puppy?' I said sympathetically.

'Yes Master... Please...'

I said he could, but I started slowly massaging his cock and he quickly became hard. He was begging and I asked what he was begging for? He could go if he wanted to. He frustratedly told me he couldn't because he was hard. So I asked the obvious...

'Are you asking me to stop touching you then puppy?'

This is really hard for him to ask - our dynamic is predominantly around him begging TO be touched and being a slut.

I stopped and after a few minutes of gentle encouragement and affirmation from me he moaned and let go again. I angled his cock up so he was covering us both. He held on to me tight and apologised more. The shower washed away all the evidence.

I wrapped him up in a towel and we went to bed under lots of blankets. He was very very quiet and snuggly the rest of the night. I told him he could go and use the bathroom whenever he liked for the rest of the evening, no need for permission. He used the bathroom twice more in the next hour. I kept reminding him that he did amazing and that I was very proud.

It was so much fun and I can't wait to do it again and see what other ways I can push him. He said it was much more of a punishment than he thought - was expecting it to be more of a funishment. But he loved it too. Now I use it as a threat when he's being a brat.

Thanks for reading my poor storytelling hopefully more in future.

