"0-60"

Author: Omo-Omega

*000*2019-04-16 23:11

Let's just preface this by saying that a few weeks ago, I got a UTI, which hasnt fully cleared up. It basically just means that I suddenly need the bathroom NOW and I have about five minutes before I'm a goner.

Today, my girlfriend and I were Snapchatting as we were getting off, and I was 'demonstrating' how to use a dildo.

I was laying in my bed, with a 7 inch dildo inside my vagina. My girlfriend mentioned that she needed to pee so I checked my own bladder in the process. I was a 4/10 at best.

A few minutes later, I started squirming to hold it in. I'd rocketed up to a 7 or 8 in such a short amount of time. I ignored it, assuming it was a random error.

I sat up in my bed to take a photo for her, which meant I needed to sit still. Suddenly, I needed my hands to hold myself. My vagina and hands were heavily lubed so I couldnt get a good grip, and I started to leak.

Because this had all escalated in such a short time, I misestimated the time I had left, and started clearing up after myself in case my mother went into my room. I bent over and grabbed my underwear but the act of bending threatened another leak. I wrenched them on, inside out and back to front, in a vain attempt to hide my modesty as I turned for the bathroom. I tucked my PJ pants under my arm and hobbled across the hall. I threw the pants across the room and tried to lock the door.

I lost a big spurt and realised my time was up. My bladder was searing with pain and I was losing leaks almost in time with my heartbeat. I tried to pull my hand away to get my underwear down but immediately pee ran down my leg. I hurriedly sat down on the toilet and peed straight through my undies. I had a brief flash of relief before the panic set in. I wasn't even holding, and I wet myself.

Earlier today I was getting ready to leave the house when I suddenly spurted in my pants. I'd put on a pad for exactly this eventuality and managed to get ahold of myself.

I'm genuinely worried that I might have screwed my organs up so bad that I'm incontinent. This is one of many times where I go from not needing to pee at all to desperately pulling my pants down trying not to ruin myself.

*002*2019-04-17 20:09

Mandatory update: I went to see the doctor today (and I'm now on antibiotics) and she said that going from completely fine to almost wetting yourself is a common symptom, so I guess that's reassuring.

I can see the funny side of it now it's over, but it really freaked me out

