The Infinity Hold

Author: Jin

*000*2018-05-02 13:48

So this is the first time I've posted a real experience. Obligatory description bit, I guess: I'm a trans male, so I look like a guy, but I have female plumbing, which makes it hard to use public restrooms sometimes – especially in places where I'd be recognised as who I was before. I'd be more mad, but honestly, it does lead to some interesting situations!

So last week I went to see Infinity War, and decided I was going to do a hold. I live a bit more than an hour from the cinema and I find holding when I'm driving much easier than at home, where I have an easy out. So I made sure I was empty before I left, because I actually wanted to enjoy the movie, and you just know there is always going to be a post credit scene or two.

I filled up a two litre bottle with some water, and took another litre bottle that I'd been using that day to keep hydrated, and started on my drive over. I took the back way – a windy, bumpy dirt road through the pine plantations, because I hate getting stuck behind people on the highway. I got to the venue in good time, got my tickets and went shopping for some gatorade to make sure I didn't get water-poisoning. I got into the cinema, purchased myself a large frozen coke, because I know that always goes straight through me, and settled in for the movie.

Before the movie had even started, I'd nearly finished the coke, and by the first quarter of the movie, I started feeling the first twinges from my bladder. It was nothing bad, just a little nudge to say “hey, you might want to find a toilet sometime”. If I was at work, I would have gone, because I work alone, and there's no one to cover you for toilet breaks, so you just have to time it well, or hold it forever.

Of course, I wasn't about to leave the movie, so I stayed. Half way through, and I was starting to think I'd regret powering through the coke. At this stage I'd definitely make it through the movie though, so I just fidgeted a bit in my chair and pulled out my gatorade. I sipped it cautiously throughout the rest of the movie, and by the time I got to the credits, I downed the rest of the bottle. I was definitely feeling full, my bladder pressing insistently into the band of my jeans. If I'd been in this situation by accident, I'd have been a bit stressed, thinking about the long drive home. (The toilets in the local cinema are gendered, and entering either could lead to a potentially bad situation, which is why I avoid using them if I can get away with it.)

But I'd ended up about as desperate as I'd planned by the end of the movie, and so I made my way back to the car and started on the journey home. As I hopped in, my bladder squeezed against the band of my jeans, and I laid a towel down between my legs. Before I took off, I finished the rest of my litre of water and checked my messages. There was a reminder that had popped up on my phone to feed my parents cats while they were away. It was on my way home, but would delay my journey about ten or fifteen minutes. 

Still, if I didn't feed them on the way home, I'd have to go back later in the night. So I'd just have to feed them on the way home then. Before I started off, I promised myself that I would not, under any circumstances, give in and use my parents toilet. No matter how close I was to wetting myself, I would get back in that car and drive the ten minutes home. And so I began my drive at about a 6.5, with a large coke, a gatorade, a litre of water and 3-4 hours of holding under my belt. I tightened the seatbelt a little just for the sake of it, and set off.

The first part of the journey was on sealed roads, and so I started on the two litre bottle of water while the driving was easy. It was full dark outside, so I had to be careful of wildlife too. I definitely didn't want to brake hard with a full bladder. By the time I got to the top of the dirt road, my bladder had gone from comfortably full, to painfully full. Driving home from this point, in daylight, would usually take about 35 minutes. But it was night, on an unsealed road with a lot of wildlife, and I had to take a ten minute detour to my parents house. I was seriously beginning to doubt my ability to pull this off.

Every bump on the unsealed road was jolting through my bladder with reverberations that made me clench my legs together. Luckily, sitting in my car puts enough pressure in certain areas to make it easier, but my bladder was so taut that I had to slow down. If I crashed into an animal, I ran the risk of rupture. So I slowed down, and sang songs, and dodged a deer or two.

Half way down the hill, it felt like every nerve around my bladder was on fire. Every bump in the road was torture, and I was definitely regretting starting on that 2 litre bottle. My bladder was sitting low and heavy, and hard as a stone. Touching it send shockwaves down my urethra. I undid my jeans to relieve some of the pressure, but the seatbelt was in just the wrong spot, so I ground myself into the towel and kept an eye out for animals.

By the time I got back to sealed road, I was wriggling in my seat. It usually takes a lot to get me to this point, and if I were at home, I would have either given up and wet, or done a measure by now. From previous measures, I know that this generally means I'm holding about a litre, which is pretty much my limit. But I still had at least 15 minutes to my parents place. Then I had to feed the cats. Then I had to drive the ten minutes home through some very animal prone areas.

I put my hand between my legs to help hold, but it didn't seem to have any more effect than the towel. So I kept wiggling. I could feel the pee at the end of my urethra, and I writhed from side to side in my seat, making my keys jingle. My bladder was on fire. None of this dull ache stuff. I could feel every nerve surrounding it burning from the stretch. I wasn't entirely sure I wasn't going to wet in the car. I didn't think it was possible, due to the position of my seat on my anatomy, but my bladder was giving some pretty strong arguments.

As I pulled into my parents driveway, I was panting in small strained breaths. Every part of my body was screaming at me to pee. I couldn't even touch my bladder any more, and as I got out of the car, I had to bend over and cross my legs double. I shifted my thighs together so quickly it was like I was jogging on the spot. I was at a solid 9.5 at least, and had only been this desperate once before. But I'd promised myself that no matter how desperate I was, I was not going to use the bathroom at my parents place.

So I jittered and jogged my way to the door, fumbling for the key with shaky hands. “Latch – key”, I thought, bemused, and another strong urge passed through me. I felt myself spurt into my jeans, the liquid pooling around my bum. I clamped down on it, and finally opened the door. I danced my way to the laundry and got out the food. Bending over to put the food in the bowls was pure agony. My bladder was so full that there was not enough room left in my abdomen for me to bend over all the way, and so I had to clench hard and spread my legs and squat to get down low enough to reach the bowls. It was all the things my body didn't want me to do. I squeezed the food into the bowls as quickly as I could, whining under my breath the whole time as the pee pushed outwards against my bladder from every direction. I stubbornly refused to look at the toilet through the open door right next to me. I was perilously close to losing it.

But I finished feeding the cats. I absolutely refused to wash out the cat food packet. Putting my hands in running water would be the end of me. I knew it. So I left the empty packet in the sink and awkwardly shuffled my way back to my car. As soon as I hopped back in, I knew I wouldn't be doing up the seatbelt. The pressure was too much. Ten more minutes, I kept telling myself. Easy. Just ten more minutes.

It wasn't easy. I changed the song ten times, because I couldn't find one to distract me. I ground down in my seat and wiggled so vigorously that it felt like I was running. I clamped my thighs together like a vice, and trapped my hands between them while bouncing in my seat. But nothing helped. Every part of my bladder stung, even with my jeans undone – even with my seat-belt off. My underwear, which is not especially tight, was almost too much to bear, and every minute closer to home I got, I fought off another leak. 

While sitting. I never leak while sitting. But here I was, chanting down the minutes till home, more desperate than I'd ever been in my life, wondering if I was actually, for real, going to wet myself in the car. Just two minutes, I thought, as I passed by the neighbourhood apple trees. Please don't let there be any animals on the road. I was definitely holding more than a litre at this point. I decided to measure when I got home if I could hold out that long. Just one more minute. I chanted. You can let it go as soon as you get out of the car, I told myself. I just needed to hold on another forty seconds.

I was whining on every out breath now, my hand trapped between my legs, pulling the towel tight against myself. Pee was pushing strongly at my opening. I drove up my driveway, and parked in the garage. As soon as I stopped the car, I had to rub my thighs together viciously. I literally couldn't sit still. But I still wanted to try and get a measure. I flung open the car door, kicked off my shoes, just in case, and pelted up to the door. I waddled in spot in my socks as I tried to find the right key in the dark. 

I usually find it by touch – it's the smoothest one, but I was fumbling so badly I couldn't even separate it down into the right bunch of three. Then I felt my bladder spasm. The urge hit me hard and I clenched against it, chanting 'no, no, no, no.' But it was no use. The pee burst out and hissed down my leg. I couldn't stop it if I tried. It gushed out in wave after wave, and I moaned as I stood there until I well and truly empty. I have no idea how long it took, but it was utter bliss.

The best part about living alone, is that when I was done, I could simply strip at the door, rinse off my pants in the sink right inside the door, and put them straight in the wash. The floor outside my door was a wooden verandah, so everything just went straight down into the drain underneath. It was the easiest clean up imaginable. It was also only the second time I've managed to get so desperate that I've lost control, and my first ever latch-key, so after a shower and a bit of self-pampering (if you know what I mean), I decided that it was a night well spent.

*003*2020-02-01 13:58

I've definitely tried standing up in the shower - with very little success in aiming. And I've used a stand-to-pee device a few times, which is fun. But I have to drop my pants to my ankles to use it, because it's not quite long enough to clear the fly. So I always wait for a cubicle, or wait until I'm home, which can be an excuse to have a bit of fun. I definitely want to try a urinal when I'm sure of being alone though.

*006*2020-03-05 10:48

I've not heard of the Infinity stp! I've just tried the transthetics one so far. I'll look into it though!

