Our First Weekend

Author: Nowhere

*000*2018-04-08 22:13

I settled back into the seat, smiling in anticipation of meeting Amber. I had eight hours of driving ahead of me, but I knew it would be worth it. This would be the first time we would lay eyes (and hands) on one another outside of pictures we'd exchanged and some nervous, blurry video chats through Skype. In the days before Facetime and Snap Chat and phones with high-resolution cameras, it was the best we could do. It seemed to be enough. The online role plays, stories and phone sex had been steamy. We shared genuinely emotional, erotic and painful moments. Unless we were completely mistaken about our chemistry, this was going to be an amazing weekend. I listened to the radio most of the way there, but my thoughts drifted.

As the miles rolled away, I became aware my bladder was going to intrude on the pace of the journey. If I had to stop, it would be that much longer before I got to see her. At one point I did manage to leave a small wet spot in my jeans before I could find a rest area to relieve myself. It was a token. A foreshadowing, I told myself. I wasn't going to arrive at her house desperate, because we weren't staying there. But the intensity of the sensation of holding on the long drive and the pleasure of release when I stopped only made me want to get there sooner.

I called her from the road when I was still an hour away, ostensibly so she could give me directions. That quickly turned into teasing and anticipation on a new level. For the last half-hour of the drive I was aroused. When I finally turned into her driveway, she was waiting on the porch. Long, madly-curly dark hair and brown eyes. She was pleasantly curvy, as her photos had showed and dressed in tight jeans and a black t-shirt tight enough to accentuate her breasts. I was genuinely smitten. She met me on the walk from the driveway.

"There you are." I said in my flat mid-western voice.

"Here I am." she said in her soft South Carolina drawl.

We embraced, holding each other tighter with each moment. When we kissed it was readily apparent that the chemistry was there. It was an anxious exchange, tongues exploring, our bodies pressed closely. We went inside to get her bags, and there was a moment when we both considered making it on the bed before we could even get to the beachside retreat. The clock was ticking however, and we needed to get the keys to the beach house before the rental office closed. We got in the car and spent the next two hours feeling each other and continuing the tease. I'm surprised we didn't stop on the way and just do it in the car, and that I didn't get a ticket for speeding.

We were drinking water in large quantities, by mutual agreement, and with mutual expectation. We were both squirming and anxious when we walked into the rental office, I was walking uncomfortably because of my aching erection and Amber because the crotch of her panties were wet with anticipation. The clerk took forever to register us and give us the key. I thought for a minute we were going to lose it on the floor in front of the desk. Thankfully we both held.

It was only a few miles to the beach house. Possibly the longest few miles of my life up to that point. It was painful and desperate and maddening, all in the best possible way. When we arrived, I awkwardly dragged our luggage in, so we wouldn't have to make another trip out to the car. Before the door even fully closed, we were on each other again. Amber never seemed to wear a bra, so my hands were on her breasts in a moment, and she massaged the front of my jeans. I was aching to pee, and have her, pretty much with equal urgency. We were breathless in moments. She made the first move.

"Sit down." she grinned, not really asking.

"Yes Ma'am" I replied, smiling back.

No further words were needed as she unbuttoned the top of her jeans and straddled my leg, grinding herself against me, moaning a little. She pulled her own shirt off, over her head and now her bare breasts were at face level. She closed her eyes, intentionally relaxing. It was a long moment before she sighed, and I heard the telltale hiss of pee spraying into her pants, the wetness spreading across and then down her legs, onto me. It was exactly like one of the many scenarios we had discussed, but this was real. She was soaking me, a big smile spreading on her face as it finished. There was a considerable puddle running across the tiled floor, but we barely noticed. She stepped back, looking at me shyly now. I was completely lost in her.

It was my turn. I stood, unzipping the front of her jeans, and then unbuttoning and unzipping mine. I held the waistband of her panties out, while I rubbed the head of my penis against her lower belly and cleanly shaven mound. I closed my eyes to relax and streamed my pee down the front of her, re-wetting her pants and relieving my swollen bladder. The pressure subsided quickly, but it took me a lot longer to let it all out. She gasped, then moaned as it flowed over her. Her pants were already soaked, so I basically added to the puddle. When it was done, we kissed again, then quickly finished stripping in the kitchen, leaving our clothes in the puddle.

We walked, hand-in-hand, into the bedroom, both naked and aroused. She laid back on the bed, biting her lip, obviously nervous. She laid her head back and spread her legs. It was urgent and awkward at first, but we quickly adapted to one another, and because we were both so aroused from all the wetting and teasing, it was over with quickly. Short, hot and sweet. We slept like that, a naked tangle of arms and legs, until morning. It was indeed the start of an amazing weekend.

