On the verge of bursting at a crowded mall. My closest call ever

Author: Viridis

*000*2021-01-19 22:44

So, here’s a story about a very desperate situation unexpectedly I found myself in about 3 months ago. This incident stood out to me in particular, as I personally enjoy public wetting scenarios, but pretty much never do any public wetting or desperation of my own. Sorry if it’s a bit long heh

On this particular day, I was wearing a very dark outfit. I wore a black hoodie, a wine-red t-shirt underneath, a pair of skinny dark grey-black(ish) jeans, a pair of black leather boots, as well as a dark-grey open overcoat that goes down just above my knees. Not very colorful… I know, but it’s one of my favorite outfits okay? xd

Anyhow, this day had been a busy one for me, as I was helping out a friend of mine who works at a warehouse. The day started out uneventfully. I got dropped off by the warehouse in the morning by my dad, as he happens to work pretty close to the warehouse. I arrived there pretty early and was still working on this awakening thighy... so I made sure to drink some coffee to wake myself up as soon as I got in. Me and early mornings just don’t get along you know...

As I was drinking my coffee we got to work and I helped him move, label and wrap boxes. Easy enough work, if a bit tedious. Still, I welcomed a break from my studies and I sure wasn’t going to decline a little extra money on the side! It was physically tiring work though, since these boxes were pretty heavy (and I may not necessarily be the strongest person out there heh), I naturally got pretty thirsty as a result. So, I made sure to drink a lot to stay hydrated. Always stay hydrated, people!

Anyway, the day went on pretty uneventfully. Just moving, labeling and wrapping… over and over. Tedious, but I had some fun banter with my friend, which made time go by a bit faster. We kept on working until just after 4 pm before we decided to call it a day. We locked the place up and left rather quickly, since we both wanted to get home soon. I hopped into his car, as he kindly had offered to drive me to the bus stop where I'd take the bus to the train station.

Because the warehouse is located in the outskirts of a smaller town that’s situated a few miles northwest of my hometown, the quickest way to get home is to first take the bus near the warehouse to the train station, hop on the train to the central station of my hometown and lastly take a final bus that will stop pretty much right outside my home. It was a pretty short drive so we arrived quickly. He dropped me off, we said goodbye and we parted ways.

Waiting for the bus, I suddenly realised I'd forgotten to go to the bathroom to pee before leaving the warehouse. This was very evident by the very familiar sensation I was starting to feel in my bladder area... I didn’t feel too desperate though, but I definitely feel it. Nothing to worry about! You can hold it until you get home…! Right…? It didn't really bother me at that point. No big deal! I even thought it could be a bit of an exciting challenge to see if I could hold it until I got home. A little holding fun after a day of work is never wrong right?!

I had some time to think about it, as I had to wait longer than usual, because the bus was delayed (annoying but not too unexpected. I do live in Sweden after all…). I kept on waiting and tried to ignore my bladder. The bus eventually arrived and I got on, sat down, put on some music and got my mind on other things. The bus ride was pretty straightforward and arrived at the train station after about 10 minutes. As I prepared to get off, I suddenly felt my bladder start pressing against my jeans right as I stood up from my seat, which caught me off guard. I may have been a bit more desperate than I first thought...

I started walking towards the train platform, trying to ignore my now bulging bladder area, but it was getting increasingly difficult. It’s a short walk so I got to the platform pretty quickly and after about 5 minutes of slow but increasingly desperate waiting, the train arrived. I got on board though the door at the very front and sat down in the silent compartment, right outside the door to the crew compartment. This is a pretty small space with seats for just about 10 people maybe. I looked out the window and saw that it was getting dark outside. The train started to move and I tried to relax a bit by putting on some music in my headphones again, but I was getting nearly impossible as my bladder kept filling up. A few minutes went by and it just kept on getting worse... Soon I could feel my bladder starting to ache from the building pressure. Not good…!

About halfway through the ride it occurred to me that my initial plan of going through my front door with dry jeans was likely not going to come to fruition. My bladder was hurting and it was getting difficult to sit still. Also, I still needed to take yet another bus from the train station! Upon arrival at the station I wouldn’t be home until maybe 15 minutes later at best! I was beginning to seriously doubt that I’d be able to hold it for that long!

I looked around where I was sitting. There was no one in front of me, but there was a man sitting to my left on the opposite row, an older man was sitting right behind me and there were also a couple of others sitting further back. I thought about what would happen if I’d lose control right there... Apart from some poor worker needing to clean up my mess, I would almost certainly have gotten caught if I lost it too. Remember, this was the silent compartment! It was pretty much completely quiet, so everyone in there would’ve heard the pee splashing onto the floor without a doubt. I had to hold it at least until I got off the train. I put my hand in my coat pocket and tried to discreetly hold my crotch as I kept on waiting.

The situation kept worsening as my bladder just continued filling up and I was starting to wonder how long I’d be able to hold it in... Trying not to fidget around in my seat too much, I considered my options carefully. I was supposed to get off at the central station, which would be the first station the train would arrive at. The thing is, I wasn’t sure if there were any toilets at the central station, or if they’d even be in usable condition! If I went there and there and there were no usable toilets I’d be in trouble! However, if I stayed aboard the train and waited until the next station the train would stop right by a pretty big shopping mall! And I knew for a fact that this mall had clean toilets! Regardless, I would need to decide what to do SOON.

After what felt like an eternity (which in reality only was like 17 minutes in total) the train stopped at the central station. The pain in my bladder was getting worse and it was very difficult not to fidget around in my seat. At this point I could tell that there was no way I’d be able to wait until I got home and I knew I didn’t have much time left! As I didn’t particularly fancy the idea of wetting myself at a crowded bus stop, onboard a bus or whilst looking for toilets at the central station, I made the decision to stay onboard and try my chances at the shopping mall.

As soon as the train started moving again I got up and walked to the nearest exit door so I could get off as soon as it arrived. My bladder had just kept on swelling and I could feel it start to press very hard against my jeans as I stood up. The pain was getting severe as well. In a desperate bid to relieve some of the pressure from my poor bulging bladder, I decided I’d to try and unbutton the top button of my jeans. I quickly looked around me and noticed there were some people sitting behind me to my right. Dammit. I’d have to be as discreet as possible. I stood as close to the door as I could with my back facing the other passengers. Using my open coat as a shelter of sorts, I pulled my hoodie up slightly and unbuttoned the button as quickly as I could, then quickly pulled the hoodies back down again. I think it went pretty smooth, but I don't know if anyone noticed. I didn't turn around to look... either way it did relieve some of the pressure.

I didn’t need to wait long before the train arrived at the station. Repeatedly pressing the door button, I hopped out as soon as they opened. Standing there on the platform, I looked around and suddenly realised I had made one big mistake…! These train carts are pretty long and they cover the entire length of the platform... by getting on at the very front of the train I had now ended up at the very opposite end of the platform to where I was going! So now I had to walk the entire length of the platform to reach the escalators to the mall! Keep in mind this isn't some random small subway platform either! I don't know how long it actually is but standing there looking at it, it felt like it went on for miles!!

Gritting my teeth, I quickly started my walk down the platform. My bladder was now bulging so bad I had to walk slightly hunched over so it wouldn’t press against my jeans and underwear too hard. The pain was unbearable at this point and I could feel my eyes starting to tear up a bit. I felt myself getting tunnel vision as well, as everything around me except for the path to the escalators was becoming a blur. Those escalators were all I could see.

Walking down the platform in my deeply desperate state, I vividly remember having an ironic moment of self-reflection… "This is awful! Why in the HELL do I get turned on by seeing someone else in this situation?? This doesn’t feel hot at all! This just sucks!", I remember thinking to myself lol. There were quite a lot of people around, and I think it was pretty obvious to anyone who noticed me that I definitely was in some kind of distress... But none of that mattered to me at this point. I finally reached the end of the platform and started walking up the escalators, trying my best not to lose it as I felt the urine moving around in my bladder with every step I took. After what felt like another eternity, I reached the top at last and could see the bright mall right in front of me! Standing there, slightly hunched over, bladder aching like hell, eyes teary, sweat forming on my forehead, I was starting to doubt I’d even make it inside.

At this time it was completely dark out with the only light coming from the streetlights and the mall itself. There were quite a lot of people around the mall, as there is a rather big sidewalk and bus stop right next to it. I looked around for any possible alternatives and to my right I saw this big old church building that was located just a few metres away, but more importantly I noticed there neither were any people nor any lights around it! There were also some trees and bushes close to it that would block the line of sight for anyone walking by on the sidewalk!

For a second... a thought crossed my mind... Theoretically... say if someone with a dark outfit and an overcoat covering the crotch area were to have an accident behind the church... surely no one would notice… would they…? I considered it really quickly... but I had never wet myself in public before! And the thought of going home wet…?! It’d be a difficult, wet and cold walk home. Once home, it'd be even more difficult explaining to my parents how I could end up wetting myself on my way home! Especially at the age of 18! Also, the leather boots I was wearing I had bought just the week prior and I really liked them! It’d be such a shame drenching them with pee…

Determined not to give up, I hastily walked towards the mall. The pain was so intense at this point that I had to put my hand in the left pocket of the coat and through the pocket grab a hold of the elastic waistband of my underwear and hold onto it as I walked so it wouldn’t press against my severely strained bladder, which was now bulging worse than it ever had! I went through the entrance and I noticed that even though it was late in the afternoon on a weekday (and an ongoing pandemic), there were still a lot of people around.

As I was heading towards the stairs to the upper floor where the toilets were, I heard someone calling out my name... Oh no… Not NOW! I looked around and all of a sudden saw my older brother walking towards me! He smiled at me and said hi. “Oh no… Of all the times?! Why do I have to run into him in public NOW?? Please don’t stop to chat…! PLEASE!”, I thought as I managed to force a smile and say hi to him as well. Lucky for me he didn’t stop to talk as he was there with some friends, so they walked past me. Sighing a huge sigh of relief I quickly found my way to the stairs and went up to the upper floor, trying my best to stay composed.

Walking towards the toilets, I clearly remember thinking about what to do if the toilets were closed or occupied. If I couldn’t reach those toilets, that would’ve been it. Whether I liked it or not, if they were closed I was going to wet myself right there in front of everyone. There was absolutely no question about it. I had never been in this situation ever before, literally being at my limit in a crowded public space, moments away from a very public, wet, humiliating situation… Again, I do enjoy public wetting scenarios, but it sure gave me some perspective on my fetish being in the situation myself...

I reached the toilets and saw that they were open and unoccupied. Thank. God. I rushed into a stall, locked the door and pulled my jeans down. This was the first time I actually got to see what my bladder looked like... and boy was it a sight to behold. I don’t even know how to describe it. I have never in my life ever seen my bladder and abdomen area take on the shape it had! It was HUGE! Despite the pain, despite the desperation, despite… everything! I paused for a second and just stared at it in awe, completely stunned. Hell, if the pee wasn’t literally seconds from coming out, I’d have been tempted to take a picture of it and post it in the “Bulge Diary'' thread! But there was no time for that now… I turned to the toilet, sat down and opened the floodgates full force.

The relief was unlike any I’d ever felt. I can only describe it as orgasmic... in fact I had to restrain myself from letting out a moan as I felt it all was gushing out of me. It just went on and on... I peed for well over a minute, maybe even two. After what felt like yet another eternity, my bladder was finally empty. It took me a little while to get out of there... I needed a minute just to contemplate everything that happened within the last hour. Once I had processed everything I finally got out, washed my hands and started my walk home. Dry for now.

That’s it! The story of the closest call I’ve ever had. I hope you enjoyed it despite its dry ending. Sorry to disappoint

*003*2021-01-23 20:45

{{1 hour ago, BladderLad said:

No disappointment at all- incredibly well written- however next time please share the bladder bulge with us!! How come you sat down though??

}}

Thank you! I very much appreciate it and I'll try to share the bulge next time! hehe

I'm actually not really sure why I sat down this particular time, especially seeing as it was a public bathroom as well! I suppose I was so desperate I didn't really have time to think about how I used the toilet? I dunno... No thought-out reason really, it kinda just turned out like it did lol

*006*2021-01-24 23:12

{{7 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

An exciting experience for you and exciting for us to read about! I'm sure we all appreciated the detail. At 18 we'd like to think that we can hold it until we get home. We've had to pee real bad before but always made it home in time. And then comes the realization that we've never had to pee this bad before and we're not gonna make it. There are never public rest rooms around when we need them!

The noticeable bulge and the orgasmic release told you - and us - just how seriously full you were!

}}

Oh it was! Even though I wasn't as enthusiastic at time, it was a very exciting experience nonetheless and I'm glad you thought so too!

It is probably the most desperate I've ever been... I hope I'll get more stories to tell soon

*008*2021-01-26 08:10

{{14 hours ago, LizJWetting said:

Very nice, and also a situation I've been in a couple of times. What do you think you would have done if those toilets had been closed and you were forced to wet yourself in public?

}}

Had they been closed and an accident imminent, I would've tried to find a somewhat secluded place to wet. Maybe I'd have gone out to the church again if I could manage. Anyhow I would try to leave as few witnesses as possible.

Embarrassed like all hell, I'd likely beat a hasty retreat afterwards, avoiding eyecontact with anyone at all costs and just hope I wouldn't bump into anyone else I knew.

I could've probably used my coat to conceal part of the damage. Closing it would help covering the crotch area at least. Although my legs would probably be noticeably wet...

Then I'd just hurriedly walk home. In the dark it is unlikely that anyone would notice, especially since it had started to rain slightly.

Once home my main concern would be bumping into neighbours and then explaining myself to my parents....

*010*2021-01-27 11:28

{{1 hour ago, triggercommand said:

You sound like you have quite the capacity! Have you ever measured?

}}

I actually haven't now that I think about it. I just might try and measure sometime if I get the oppurtunity!

