Desperate day

Author: Spiceitup

*000*2021-11-04 22:08

Today I finally had the house for my self. And when I am home alone I like to hold myself, chat to a friend about peeholding and maybe film my planned accident.

So this morning I drove my kids to kindergarten and school 8 in the morning. I drank 1 glass of water before that and 1 when I came home. Then it was time to clean a litle around the house. Aswell keeping myself hydrated. I was also talking to my snapchat friend who was drinking and holding. Around 10 I got text from work if I wanted to come in and get massage from a girl who needed to practice some new techniques. So clean the house or get massage, it was not difficult to choose. I had to be there 12 so I knew I would pee before I had to drive.

I had now been doing small peepee dance around while I was cleaning and knew I would soon have a accident if I would not go to the bathroom. So I made myself some food and took a small video for my friend while I exploded under the tabel.

$$

Then I hurried to eat, drank my water and took a shower. I peed the litle I had left in the shower and drove to work.

I have told my friend about my fantasy I have about being desperate to pee while having massage or have another person have accident on my table.

But I am professional and don't mix work and pleasure !

30 minutes after my last pee I was at work. And naughty me drank one glass of water before the massage started. I had forgotten about all the other liquid I had drank earlier and maybe was not yet in my system. So I wasn't worried, normally it is just 50 min so I knew I could hold it.

But after laying there for 15 minutes I could feel the pressure building up. And I found out it was 70 minutes massage... it was some fancy lava shell massage for the whole body and ofc. They do belly in the end. I was worried I would have to say sorry and run for the bathroom. I was hoping she would stop putting so much pressure on my bladder, I would soon leak if she wouldn't, But then it was finally done. Just in time. I managed to put on clothes and they gave me water. And I felt like I had to drink it...

I somehow walked to the car without having a accident but decided to put towel in my seat just in case.... I had one from my gym time the day before. That was a smart choice! I had not driven out of the parking place when the first drops leaked, and then another one. So I decided and told my friend on snapchat that I would drive to this fort That was close to my work. It was difficult to focus on driving but I finally came to the parking place where it is a small path up to the Fort. And ofc. It was someone working on the parkingplace and a woman walking her dog there. There I sat in my car almost peeing my self and I knew this towel wouldn't hold all the drinks I had had that day. It takes around 20 min to drive home and knew I just had to go out and walk and hope the lady would walk another path. So out of the car and a litle leak, walk litle leak. Aaaand finally the lady walked to her house. Walked faster out of sight from houses. Leak. And finally I could walk in the fort.

This fort was built around 1900 when Norway was protecting them from Sweden. And the the nazi used it when they came to Norway.

Anyway I got my pants down and almost gstring. I was wet and I peed for 30 sec ca. Then I somehow stopped. I wanted to look for other nice spots.

It was difficult to hold the rest and I had small leaks while I walked to find another spot.

Peed alot there aswell. Stopped and found stairs I sat on and let the rest out.

My pants were so wet but thankfully I had a long jacked and towel on the seat on the drive home.

It was very nice day, but I will not drink so much before taking massage again. At least not at work !

Hope you liked my day as much as I did!$$

