"So...How do you go to he bathroom?" and other tales of peeing handicapped.

Author: ErinonWheels

*000*2017-06-04 09:51

Oh I hate myself for that pun. Oh well. Hi, I'm new, my name is Erin. I'm somewhere in my early 30s, and I was born with Cerebral Palsy. I used to walk with a walker or crutches but, the pains of aging start earlier for a lot of people with CP so I am in a wheelchair full time. As indicated by the question in the title, my disability directly impacts my interest in this topic. Be it wetting myself as a kid because I was a small kid with a small bladder, or waiting impatiently for the handicapped stall to open, or being asked by my Mom "When is the last time you pooped?"...The bathroom ain't no small thing in my life, which is probably a good chunk of why I learned at a young age that my disability allowed me to explore my fascination or just simply avoid the discomfort of holding it, fairly embarrassment free. 

Most people, be they children or adults, thought nothing strange of an 11 year old girl peeing (or pooping) her pants. I didn't get teased or scolded. Even my parents, who knew I was potty trained and aware of my needs, didn't make much of a fuss if I had an accident, just so long as I didn't do it at a time or place that would cause a big hassle. I'm not entirely sure if my parents knew that I sometimes manufactured situations where an "accident" was seen as unavoidable and therefore justified. I know I'm rambling a bit and being vague but that's because I would like to save up my stories for later. In this intro post I'm just going to do an overview of...how adults' fixation on my bodily functions turned into my fetish.

To start I guess it would go back t the fact that for much of my earliest years, even after potty training, I couldn't go to the bathroom without assistance, which meant that when I had to pee and when I had to poop were like, public discussion at my house growing up, which brings me back to...

"When is the last time you pooped?".

CP, among many "gifts", has granted me chronic constipation. Now, in my parents' mind you poop every day. Or at least every other day, or there's something wrong. Because she lifted me onto the toilet, she knew if I sat there for 20 minutes until my legs went numb and gave up. Which would inevitably lead to a lecture, and her latest scheme to make me poop, most of which just ended up either doing nothing or causing a messy eruption, usually in my pants.

Which gets us to me taking control of my poops by "accidentally" forcing out gigantic, hard, sometimes painful poops into my pants before my mom could attack me with the latest horrific poop inducer, I'm kidding, she didn't attack me, and I know she meant well. So why in my pants and not the toilet? Well, because if I tried but failed in my pants I didn't get a lecture about not pooping often enough, and at a certain age, as alluded to above, I figured out how to make it seem like the toilet wasn't an option.

"But Erin, this board is mostly about peeing and wetting."

Yeah, for the most part I was like any kid. Held it too long because I didn't wanna take a potty break, or overestimated my bladder control, but there were a couple of other elements at play: 1. Not every bathroom was accessible in the 80s and early 90s. 2. There's no such thing as a "quick" pee break. Getting my pants down, getting from my walker or crutches or wheelchair to the toilet without falling on my ass, it's a bit of an ordeal, and that's after I get there, and assuming I allowed myself enough travel time before my bladder decided to remedy the situation against my will. Throw in social anxiety and you've got a recipe for a kid (and later adult) who often decided that the most practical solution was to pee my pants and make up an excuse later if anyone asked.

And then there are the surgeries that further limited my toilet independence, which I often saw as an excuse to take advantage of everyone's instinct to further baby me. Those stories will be of particular interest to the readers who enjoy diapers. It's not exactly my thing, because, part of the fun is doing something I'm "too old" to do and diapers are like permission not to use the toilet, which, while that does have its positives, I still think it's more exciting to go in the "wrong" place.

As for my current habits, again, I don't really want to give up future stories, I will say this. I enjoy creating situations where at some point I have to commit to not being in control and just whatever happens will happen. I am also a frequent "convenience wetter", which is to say that if the setting is casual enough, and the wait for or accessibility to the bathroom is more than I am in the mood to deal with I just pee myself. I also us a female urinal which is basically just a plastic bottle with a handle and a lid that I hold on place and let fly. I usually use that at night when it's just not worth the lost sleep to get up, but I don't want to wash the sheets and blankets. Not that I'm above just waking up enough to open the floodgates and back to snoring before I'm done.

So, okay. Just for the sake of keeping things in one place so I don't forget which stories I've already told, I'll probably just post additional stories as replies to this thread, unless I decide to try my hand at fiction. I'm fully open to answering questions about my disability and how it impacted my bathroom habits, just keep it "clean". Don't hit on me, don't ask for pics, don't be creepy. Especially when it comes to asking questions about my childhood. There will be plenty of stories where it's perfectly acceptable to pick my brain on the sexual aspect. 

If you're asking about anything in my childhood....I can't stop you from having the thoughts, but I ask that you not express them or ask me about sexual enjoyment of it before my late teens. Not that the fun didn't start before then, it did, but I'm not gonna talk about my childhood in those terms. I will talk about childhood stuff in relation to what I felt and understood at the time. To put it another way, when I was 13 I would never have openly discussed enjoying every fidgety second of a really long traffic jam, even though I did, because the people I felt comfortable discussing it with wouldn't have understood, and I sure as hell wasn't about to let my parents know that despite my whining and bouncing and unladylike hand placement, I hoped things would stay gridlocked until the dam burst. With the ground rules in place, here's a FAQ to get the basics out of the way.

Q: How DO you go to the bathroom?

A: It's situational, but just sticking to the proper places: I use a female urinal, or I transfer onto the toilet, or I pee in the shower/pool/river, etc.

Q: Does my disability affect my ability to know when I need to go and hold it?

A: No, in the most basic sense. I was potty trained as a toddler and other than having a peanut bladder to match my 4'8 body nothing about my Cerebral Palsy prevents me from holding it to the point of involuntary loss of control if I am forced to by circumstance or choose to for fun. Or holding it until I can be boring and go somewhere "acceptable".

Q: How did my parents react to my accidents, real and staged?

A: Mixed with heavy lean toward not being bothered by it, unless it happened at a time that inconvenienced them. Even those times their annoyance was temporary and mild.

Q: Do I wear diapers or other protection as an adult?

A: Situationally, largely dependent on whether I care if my clothes get dirty, how likely an accident is, and how disruptive an accident would be. Can't be messing up good clothes.

Q: What do my friends think?

A: Growing up, my friends just accepted it. Erin has accidents. The sky is blue. Now? Much the same, with the exception that my closest friends know that I "get away with it". They don't know I like it.

Q: Doesn't it ruin my wheelchair or make it smell like pee?

A: No, mostly. I clean up when I flood the seat, and to the extent that I fail to cover it up, no one would be rude enough to ask why I smell like pee, and I'm rehearsed enough in the "official" explanation of my accidents that I'm not all that concerned about people noticing.

Q: When did I know I enjoyed this?

A: In general? Uh... What kid who really has to pee wouldn't enjoy the reassurance that losing control would have very few social or parental consequences? So basically for as long as I have known that I wasn't "supposed" to pee or poop my pants, Sexually? For as long as I have had those feelings about anything.

Q: Does any of this stuff translate to the bedroom?

A: Only naturally. If I gotta pee during fun time...Things are already messy. If I happen to get focused on other things and my bladder decides it's time, well, then, okay. I don't really seek out to manufacture it.

Q: What the hell is Cerebral Palsy?

A: In blunt terms? Brain injury caused by oxygen deprivation before, during, or shortly after birth. It can also be caused by brain injury later in life. In my case, I stopped breathing several times in the hours and days after being born two and a half months early. Thankfully the physical affects are relatively minor and the only cognitive deficits aren't really relevant to daily life. I can't do "spot the difference" or "recreate the pattern with blocks" stuff with any reasonable amount of speed. Why? I dunno.

Uh...I'm out. I can't think of any more obvious questions. If I didn't answer your question, then ask. Don't be creepy, but don't be shy. Worst case scenario I'll either give a less specific answer than the question warrants or just say I don't want to answer. I won't be mean, and I won't make fun of you if your question misses the mark or seems silly. I'm here to share a perspective that most people don't experience.

I'll be back later to answer questions and tell a proper story.

*002*2017-06-04 22:32

Hi! I'm fully prepared to answer respectful questions. Don't worry about offending me... Unless you do that loud slow talking down to me crap you mentioned then I will run over your feet. Even when someone has mental deficits you can speak to them with respect. Anyway. sorry, onto your questions.

The specific name that you need to Google to find more than layperson answers is Spastic Diplegia Cerebral Palsy, but remember, everyone is different. What that means for me is that most of the affected part of my body is the lower half. My legs. As far as upper-body, my right hand is...An assistant to my left hand at best. My entire right side is marginally weaker (But less spastic) than my left side. And when I say spastic, that can mean everything from extreme stiffness to, literal, shaking and noise, spasms. Thankfully the shaking is mostly limited to my legs.

Now onto "How affected am I?" As a kid, and my teens, not much. I adapted. I could walk, with crutches or a walker or furniture heavier than me to hold onto. Medication to reduce tone and spasms helped. I would crawl if I needed to be quick. As I get older? I can't walk anymore, and I can only stand with assistance for time best measured with a stop watch. Not because I have gotten weaker or lazier but because Cerebral Palsy can be brutal on the body, especially if you are self-mobile. I can't walk anymore or stand for long periods anymore because I have arthritis in my toe and it hurts, and my other joints will follow. especially if I were to insist on continuing to walk.

Pride and insistence on independence means that I ignore everything I wrote above when it comes to bathroom stuff. I find a way to do it on my own.

Guilt? Yeah, sometimes. If I made a bigger mess than intended and someone else had to help clean it up.

As for the baby talk, as expressed above, I hate it. When I was a kid I was too shy to speak up and say so. But, as you said, two sides of the same coin, as a kid, I liked the "Mommy time" accidents and "accidents" created, because, like I said, my parents were pretty chill about it, especially when I was young. So the reaction to an accident was mostly loving. It was extra attention. I enjoyed it. Looking back, do I feel bad about making my parents work more? Yeah, but I didn't see it that way then.

As far as just general assistance, most of what I required was due to my size not my disability. I'm fully grown, and I'm 4'8. When I was a kid? The toilet was not a small leap. I had to have help because for quite a bit of my life I wasn't tall enough to stand, turn, and sit.

Did I ever make anyone angry? Yeah. Nurse or aide types who, rightfully, saw me as creating more work for them by "not paying attention" or whatever euphemism they used for not going in the toilet. I hate to use this excuse, but I was a kid. I didn't see it from their side.

People who knew me? Family? Babysitters? No, they didn't care. Especially in public, if I just had to pee, and the bathroom situation wasn't ideal... "Just do the best you can until we find a better option." was an indirect "It would be easier if you didn't make me take you in there..." thing that I heard a lot.

As for being fed up with answering the same questions, I tried to cover the ones that I knew were coming. You're right, it gets old, but if people are asking it means the answer isn't known.

Did I get everything? If not, lemme know. And anyone else is free to dive in if I haven't answered your question.

Story coming soon, I promise.

*005*2017-06-05 17:57

{{9 hours ago, diokno44x said:

You know, when I was younger, I was diagnosed with CP. I wore diapers, due to being scared of the flushing and uncomfortable with bathrooms outside my home, aswell as liking them

}}

Just a guess you are extremely jumpy around loud noises? Me too. Weird little quirk of CP that is probably too far down the off topic rabbit hole to get into here.

{{9 hours ago, snufkin said:

Thanks for sharing, Erin! I have to admit I find your post rather exciting, and it's a thrill to read how you have come to develop this fetish while disabled. Looking forward to reading more from you. Please keep those stories coming!

}}

Thank you. And on cue, finally an actual story. Well, sort of. It's not one singular event which I can give lots of detail about and make it entertaining, or exciting. It just sort of illustrates "The struggle". And I use that phrase somewhat tongue in cheek. I've got it easy compared to most disabled people.

When I was 15-16, seemingly out of nowhere, I could no longer pee before bed, and sleep until morning. I would wake up in the middle of the night singing that jingle from the overactive bladder drug commercial. "Gotta go, gotta go, gotta go right now!"...Never a good thing if I'm not already headed to the toilet. Best case scenario if I got up quickly I might make it, at the very least to pee myself on the toilet which is slightly less of a hassle in the middle of the night than what was more common.

Get my feet tangled in the blankets, get spastic and uncoordinated because I'm trying to hurry, or just not wake up with enough time to spare, and I would pee myself in front of my bedroom floor (praise not having carpet), or in front of the toilet... This is why I started keeping a urinal next to the bed as mentioned in the first post. I eventually outgrew the random teenage lack of night time bladder control, but I keep the urinal next to my bed, still, because, who likes trudging to the toilet half asleep?

So, yeah, not exciting or entertaining, but that's mostly because it wasn't one event, this happened semi-frequently for around a year. The only detail I can add is what I felt: At varying times frustration, annoyance, relief (Hey even peeing on the floor feels good when ya really gotta go), and embarrassment. Unplanned accidents in my teens were definitely "look back and laugh", not "jump in bed and let my fingers do the walking.".

*007*2017-06-07 10:32

I vaguely remember when I was 6, I had surgery on both of my legs, and for reasons that I don't remember, they put a metal bar within the plaster to separate my legs. For this reason, I couldn't sit on the toilet for several weeks, so I had to wear diapers, but I didn't "get it". For some reason it didn't even register that I was wearing diapers, maybe because they didn't put me in them until I left the hospital. On the way home I had to poop. I told my Mom, and she said "I'll clean you up when we get home."

"No, I need to."

"Don't worry about it."

"I have to poop!"

"I know. I'll take care of it at home."

"I can't wait that long!" Just...Back and forth not on the same wavelength, until I "had an accident" and I started bawling. My Mom asked me what was wrong "I told you I couldn't hold it!"

"Did you poop?"

"Yes!"

"Good girl."

Well....Color me confused, "What?"

"That's what the diaper is for,"

"I'm not a baby!"

It was at that moment my mother realized that we hadn't been having the same conversation for the entire car ride.

Truthfully I only remember very small snapshots of this. I was very young and on pain meds. That's just what my Mom says happened.

*010*2017-06-09 06:51

{{3 hours ago, AtomicBob said:

We have a guy with CP, don't know what kind beyond that. He's in his 50's and can still walk albeit with a slightly awkward gait. His left arm/hand is pretty much useless, but he is still quiet able with his right. He does a lot of data entry and to assist him, he has Dragon NaturallySpeaking. I was curious if you use any speech to text program, or if you just type with your left hand.

How do you feel about "normal" people using the handicap toilets? I always see at work non-disabled people using the handicap stalls without a second thought.

Also, what terminology do you prefer people to use? Handicapped, disabled, etc? Thanks for doing this!

}}

Text to speech, yes, when texting, because I can't do it well. On the computer I'm old school. I type with my index fingers, mostly. I can do it surprisingly efficiently. I *can* use all of my fingers on my left hand but trying to type the way you're taught with one hand and peck with the other is...Pointless vanity, basically, and can even throw off my rhythm and slow me down. On my right hand, my thumb and index finger can move independently. The other fingers try to act as one and that just...Doesn't work.

Vocabulary? I gotta be honest. I'm old. (Thirties) The accepted terminology has changed too many times in my lifetime for me to care anymore. Just keep it to one word and three syllables. And if you want to know what I really think go to Youtube and type in "George Carlin Euphemisms" without the xx""

...That about sums it up.

Answer to second question below.

{{1 hour ago, Fisk said:

I have to come in here to comment this. They're actually not handicap stalls, they're called accessible stalls. I'm not trying to sound politically correct here, because there's really an important difference between these terms. If they were called handicap toilets, that would implicate they're meant for handicapped people only, which is not the case. It depends on the location, but accessible toilets are sometimes not reserved only for the people who need them. In some places they're open for everyone to use, if the location allows that. Of course no one should spend 15 minutes pooping or texting or fixing their make-up in there, but anyone can take a quick pee in them. 

However, in the most public locations, such as big libraries or malls, or in locations where many disabled people are expected to visit frequently, there the accessible toilets are (or should be!) reserved only for those who need to use an accessible toilet. This is, of course, assuming the place offers normal toilets too. I sometimes need to visit this store-and-services complex, where all the public toilets are accessible toilets because the majority of clientele requires accessibility. If a person who does not require an accessible toilet needs to use the facilities there, they have no choice but to use an accessible toilet. Which of course is not forbidden. So the subject of accessible toilets is actually much more complicated than what someone could first expect.

Also, you can't always see if a person is simply using an accessible stall out of temporary convenience, or if they really need the accessibility. Maybe you've seen my sister there, who knows. She looks perfectly normal to the outside, and sure she can do her business in a normal toilet, but due to her special needs, she finds accessible toilets much easier to use. So maybe there's some kind of a special needs gathering place near your work, and that's why many of them use the accessible toilet you're talking about. Or if you were talking about your coworkers, maybe they know that the accessible stall would be rarely used if it was only used by the people who absolutely need it, so they know it's not harmful to anyone if they use it.

}}

Yeah here's my thing, I agree with this, mostly. If you are just going pee and you can keep it reasonable, or for some reason other than disability CAN'T use the other stalls...Fine. Just don't keep it tied up for long perods of time.

Here's why: Usually, those stalls have a bar behind the toilet, and a bar on the wall next to the toilet. Sometimes the side bar is on the...metal wall of the stall rather than attached to the wall of the room. Those bars exist in ONLY one stall, and they exist for...Me. I roll in, I face the toilet, I swing out the foot rests, I pull myself up using that side bar. up, I hold the side bar...

This is the part where I might end up on the floor because I have to pull my pants down with one hand while keeping myself vertical with the other hand on the bar (Please to be God let all grab bars be on the left side when facing the toilet.), then I have to do this trick that I can't explain verbally or in writing where I turn 180 degrees without ever having both hands off the bar, then I sit. Point is, I need those bars, and, other than other people who can't stand without assistance, or need to pull themselves out of a wheelchair, or need to push themselves up from the toilet, which is a very small percentage of people, it's like, old people and disabled people. That's it. So when one Mom goes in one stall, the *only* stall that I can use, with three kids, all of them goofing off, one of 'em don't gotta go but she's gonna make him "try" while I wait...Yeah that wets me off. Don't even get me started on other uses for that stall.

But in general, I don't care. If you hover, though, I want you to know that I hate you. If I wanted to sit in pee, I'd use the dude's room.

*011*2017-06-09 06:54

{{28 minutes ago, ErinonWheels said:

Not really sure how I posted twice. Ooops.

}}

*013*2017-06-09 07:09

{{15 minutes ago, diokno44x said:

Unless the toilet is absolutely disgusting, who the dick hovers?

}}

Germophobes are the only people with a logical excuse and even then I can prove to them with science that they're not in any danger if they sit, so not much sympathy.

*015*2017-06-09 10:09

{{1 hour ago, Fisk said:

I understand completely, and as I said, it heavily depends on the location. In a big, busy mall it's reasonable to assume that a person with special needs can turn up needing the accessible toilet at any moment. That's why no one should use the accessible toilets in that place if they don't have a good enough reason to prefer accessible toilets over normal toilets. But in smaller, less busy places I see nothing bad in using the accessible toilet for a smaller reason. It's so nice that you approve of this, too, because I find it unpleasant how some people are instantly judging other people's reasons to use accessible toilets.

I wish more toilets were accessible, and not just because of the bars. There are so many other good things in them! The additional space, the lower leveling of objects, and many accessible toilets are also calmer and quieter than other toilets. It's great for visually impaired, mentally retarded or autistic people, or people with ostomy or some kind of an auto-immune disease. The additional space is good if you have a helping person/animal with you, or you need to change yourself, or if you have severe claustrophobia, or if you don't want to bump into people and things because you can't see well. 

Many normal toilets don't provide for the people who need the space. The lowness of objects makes life easier for the people who are especially short, because how are you supposed to wash your hands if you literally can't reach the sink and there's nothing around that you could stand on? The privacy and seclusion from the rest of the world can help some people concentrate better and finish their business much faster than they would in another kind of a toilet, it can prevent a lot of stress from happening to them.

It's such a shame how often "accessible" means "accessible to people who have average arm strength and a certain kind of a wheelchair". They all should have bars on both sides of the toilet, the kinds of bars that you can lift up if you need to. And enough space for all kinds of wheelchairs to fit in there, even big ones. There should always be proper lighting and garbage cans, all things should be easily reachable, no buttons or handles should be too tight to use with weak strength, and they should be separate rooms with thick walls so that outside noises would be at least muffled. Ideally.

}}

One can dream... As I've said, things have gotten a lot better than they used to be. Was a time when at certain places my options were "Don't have to pee." or "Hold it.", particularly stadiums and other places where the bathrooms were one step above "temporary".

