Wedding Bound

Author: InsideVoice

*000*2019-02-24 11:40

Hello! This is the first time I’ve ever posted despite having been aware of this forum for quite some time. I figured it was about time to contribute something myself! Despite the writing style, this is an absolutely true experience from this past weekend. I enjoy writing and wanted to challenge myself to write in a style similar to an author I’m reading lately (the same one I allude to in the story proper), but also wanted to try to convey a fun experience for you to read in a different way! Hope you enjoy, and feedback is always welcome and appreciated!

Two and a half hours.

Two and a half hours can apply to a lot of situations. It might be the length of a class. Perhaps it’s the run time of the most recent Avengers movie, or two-thirds the run time of the next. It might be the wait for a particularly popular restaurant during lunch rush. It could even be how long a flight will take. But no, today two and a half hours was how long my flight had been delayed from it’s original departure time of 11:30am.

I wasn’t particularly upset about this. I was going to Texas for my friend’s wedding. I had no commitments that night aside from getting to the hotel so the delay wasn’t causing me to be strapped for time. In fact, the extra time I’d been given allowed me to enjoy a leisurely breakfast in the airport and lose myself in a captivating novel I’d been reading, so it’s not like the time went to waste either. When I think about it though, two and a half hours was actually the length of this flight as well, so by the time I stepped onto the plane, it dawned on me that I could already be getting off of it in Texas right now had we left on time.

Turns out the plane I was getting on had been delayed by storms in Arizona and some equipment malfunction that forced a plane swap before they had made their way to California. Water under the bridge now anyway.

I was in the twenty seventh row, the kiss of death for anyone looking to deplane quickly at the end of a flight. But I wasn’t in any rush to get anywhere once we landed anyway, so it wasn’t a big deal. The earliest commitment I had was the next morning; no need to fret about deplaning quickly. Besides, I had an aisle seat and I could stretch my legs out, if just a bit. Ah, the joys of being 6’1” on a cramped Boeing.

I’d like to take a moment to comment on my predispositions. I try not to be a judgmental person. I don’t know the lives of most people around me. Someone who looks frightfully aggressive might just be putting on airs and have a huge heart underneath. Or maybe they’d get in your face just because you accidentally exchanged a glance with them. Someone who’s overweight might have a physical disorder. Maybe they’re in the gym every morning working their ass off to get in shape. Maybe they just don’t care. It’s none of my business anyway. My point is, you can’t tell much about a person or a situation by a simple glance. But doesn’t something about traveling by plane (or perhaps traveling in general) make everyone ten times more irritable, or less considerate at any rate? So as I reached my aisle seat in the twenty seventh row of the cramped Boeing, it was with mixed feelings that I gazed at my seatmate.

In the center seat (next to me) was a rather large woman. Curly brunette hair, probably in her mid-40s if I had to hazard a guess. The thing I really noticed though was that her left armrest was disappearing into her side. Mm. I wasn’t even going to have the entirety of my tiny little seat to myself. I’m sure she’s a lovely person. She struck me as pleasant at the very least from what little I heard from her during the course of our travel together. But with planes being as cramped as they already are, especially in coach, I must admit I felt something akin to annoyance at her size.

Again, I don’t know her story. I just knew I had to sit beside her for the next two and a half hours.

Stowing my bag underneath the seat in front of me, I noticed my other seatmate, a woman by the window, clearly of some relation to Curly in the center. She was probably in her early thirties, with red hair that didn’t look natural enough to not have been dyed recently. Almost as if it flew off of her skin towards me, my eyes were briefly drawn to the butterfly tattoo she had behind her left ear. She and Curly were chatting about when they would be meeting up with "Rose" that night as I sat down and fastened my own seat belt.

The next ten minutes of boarding were uneventful, until a sporty girl in her mid-twenties stepped out of the row four or five in front of me. I say sporty because she wore leggings and a close-fitting sweatshirt, the kind of look that passes at both the gym or a lazy trip to Starbucks. So perhaps “sporty” isn’t the best adjective for this girl, but it’s the one that immediately came to mind. In fact, the more I think back on it, the adjective seems less proper. So let’s just call it her name and pretend I’m right.

Anyway, Sporty stood in the aisle waiting for the person next to me (barring the walkway) to put their bag in the overhead compartment. She was shifting her weight nervously from foot to foot and biting her lip gently, a look of nervousness ever-present in her eyes. It was too good to be true that I was actually seeing someone in this situation, wasn’t it? Surely I was just misreading the cues. As the next several moments passed, however, it was obvious that she was waiting for this person to put their bag away so she could get to the back of the plane and use the restrooms there.

After what felt like quite some time thanks to the delightful show I subtly partook in, but what was in reality only thirty second or a minute, the stranger in question sat down and Sporty made a beeline towards the back of the plane. Not wanting to be a creep and watch after her as she passed, I settled back into my chair when I heard the voice of who was obviously a flight attendant, a female.

“Miss, we’re about to start taxiing, I’ll have to ask you to return to your seat.” It wasn’t a harsh tone, but the tone of someone who didn’t want excuses.

“I’m sorry ma’am, I just really need to use the restroom. I’ll only be two minutes, I swear.” Form the way she stressed the word “really” and the tone of voice that sounded like she was begging this woman to have pity on her, it was pretty obvious that she truly needed to go. Sensing this maybe, the flight attendant did actually take pity on her. Two minutes should be okay, she said. A second later I heard the door behind me close and saw the flight attendant in question walk by.

A more selfish part of me was the tiniest bit disappointed that the flight attendant had caved so easily.

True to her word, Sporty returned to her seat quickly and the rest of taxiing and take off was uneventful. I have a tendency to watch out the window during that time. I’m prone to motion sickness so seeing the ground as we taxi is important to help me feel grounded and aware of my movement. During take off, it’s mostly just to watch the ground disappear beneath us. Not that I’m a nervous flyer.

To be honest, most of the flight was uneventful too. Curly fell asleep promptly and Red (the younger woman with the butterfly tattoo) did as well for a time, though she woke up again soon after. The flight attendant with the drink cart gave water to both Red and myself, skipping the sleeping Curly. Sometime during the flight I became mildly aware of the fact that Red knew the person in the seat directly behind her as they talked about something.

I say mildly aware because, in an effort to make this flight as enjoyable as possible, I was wearing electronic noise canceling headphones and reading the same novel from earlier. Truly I wasn’t aware of most things happening around me for our duration in the air. I even managed to doze off for about thirty minutes, rare for me on a plane. And not because I’m a nervous flyer. I just don’t sleep easily if I’m not in a bed.

Finally, after a rather boring two and a half hours, we began our decent. In those same two and a half hours that Thanos managed to end half the universe, we managed to make it to Texas. I’m not sure which is the more monumental accomplishment honestly, given the general lack of efficiency when it comes to organizing passengers for air travel. That inefficiency is never more obvious than when you’re waiting to deplane and watching what can only be described as the slowest people on the planet try to gather their miraculously misplaced belongings and leave the crowded aircraft in some semblance of a timely fashion. Something I wasn’t looking forward to once we landed.

Putting my headphones and book away, I watched out the window again, past the still sleeping Curly and the aimless Red, as the ground rose up to greet us. I enjoy watching the plane get closer to the ground at the end of a flight. It gives the trip a sense of accomplishment and finality, having arrived at the destination at long last. It’s not because I’m a nervous flyer.

As we touched down, the plane bounced off the runway rather roughly before it’s wheels stuck to the pavement and we slowed down to taxiing speed rather abruptly (as usual). The noisy landing woke Curly and the jolt upon touching down had caused Red’s aimless staring to shift into a more deliberate focus. I wasn’t sure why.

It was then that I noticed Red’s right leg bouncing up and down urgently. Unlike in the case of Sporty, I can’t think of a better word to describe her motion. It was an aggressive motion, with sharpness and intent. It wasn’t as if she were bouncing her leg idly out of habit or restlessness. But I couldn’t quite believe that I’d have the luck to witness the same dilemma on the same flight just two and a half hours apart. I didn’t have to wait for long to discover a definitive answer, though. As if in response to my thoughts, Red spoke to Curly suddenly.

“I have to pee so freakin’ bad.”

“Do you?” was Curly’s listless response. She had just woken up; I couldn’t blame her for being a bit out of it. I found my ears suddenly hanging on the conversation happening next to me, a stark contrast to just a few minutes before.

“Yeah. I don’t have to go so bad that I’m crying…not like last time. But yeah, I have to pee really bad.” I suddenly found myself very curious what had happened last time.

I watched out of the corner of my eye as Red’s urgently bouncing right leg shifted into a wide scissoring of both legs. Her motion was so exaggerated that her thighs and knees were banging together with each repetition. The previously aimless gaze she’d worn during our decent that was now a nervous, pointed stare out the window seemed to be willing the plane to it’s gate quickly and without interruption.

As luck would have it though, our plane came to a stop out in the middle of the airfield, not at it’s gate. “Oh god why are we stopping?” I heard her mutter in disbelief. The captain came on the intercom and informed us that we were waiting for a plane to take off on the runway and then we’d be on our way to the gate, but that didn’t seem to be of much comfort to Red.

The girl in the seat directly behind her, the one Red had been chatting with earlier, leaned forward and asked her, “what’s wrong?” She was a shorter girl with long black hair. I would later discover that she was wearing a comfy-looking sweatshirt. As I noticed Red shift from her aggressive scissoring motion back to urgently shaking her right leg, she turned slightly and answered.

“Nothing, I just really need to pee. Every minute we’re out here it feels like I’m closer to peeing my pants.”

Comfy offered a sympathetic chuckle. “I don’t think I’m that bad off, but I have to pee too.” I wonder if Red took any solace in knowing she wasn’t alone in her predicament.

Another three minutes passed, Red shifting every few seconds between bouncing her right leg and scissoring both, and we finally started to move again. As I glanced out the window to keep my sensitive inner-ear aligned with the motion of the plane, I noticed that Red had stopped moving entirely, both hands gripping her knees tightly. Her knuckles were white and she was trembling lightly.

It wasn’t long until we reached the gate, maybe another three minutes at most. And finally we began to deplane. Have I mentioned how much I hate deplaning? I won’t waste your time by detailing it again, but it’s such a miserably slow process. And today, a selfish part of me was quite glad to be in the twenty seventh row of a crowded Boeing for such a slow process. After all, I had nowhere to be in a rush.

As we waited patiently (perhaps some of us were waiting impatiently) for those in front of us to gather their belongings and exit the plane, I caught a bit of the conversation that Comfy struck up with Red and Curly. Red apparently had two hours until a connecting flight in another terminal while Curly and Comfy were staying in Texas. We must have waited there for fifteen minutes. It was painfully slow going. Though if I were to give the word painful to someone’s experience during that deplaning, it would have been Red. She went from nervously singing songs (sadly, they were akin to the Baby Shark song) to sitting in dead silence and scrunching her face in focus. Her hands rarely left her knees, still gripping tightly as she practically shook the seats around her from her frantic leg bouncing.

She hadn’t had that much water during the flight, at least if she’d had the same amount as me from the drink cart, but it’s hard to tell much about a person from just a glance. Maybe she’d been waiting since before the flight took off two and a half hours ago, but hadn’t had the heart to ask Curly and I to move, especially after the former had fallen asleep so soundly. Maybe she’d had something to drink in the airport back in California that hadn’t caught up to her till halfway through the flight. Or maybe water just went right through her and that small glass was enough to send her into such a frantic state after an hour and a half since she'd consumed it. It was impossible to know what had led to her situation, but it wasn’t that big of a stretch to guess where it would end. If I wasn’t lucky enough to see the conclusion here on this airplane, of course.

As you might not be surprised to learn, Red didn’t end up losing control on the plane (though she certainly seemed to be getting closer to that eventuality). No, instead the rows in front of us all cleared out and I took my bag and stepped out into the aisle at last, exiting the plane a few moments later. Once I reached the terminal, I slowed down for a moment and checked the messages on my phone, answering my friend who was coming to pick me up from the airport before long. After I did so, I noticed Red, Curly, and Comfy pass me at a labored pace.

Labored is another word choice I’m quite proud of coming up with. It was labored in part because Red clearly needed to use the restroom so badly that she couldn’t walk much faster if she wanted to. Comfy was in a similar situation, I could guess from glancing at her. Her stride was small and tentative. It was also labored because I don’t really think Curly could have walked much faster and Red and Comfy seemed reluctant to rush off ahead of her and leave her behind. So they continued at this pointedly labored pace until we reached the baggage claim exit.

The three women stopped for a moment, Curly gesturing to the exit. Red and Comfy shook their heads, Red mouthing something (almost certainly reiterating how much she needed to pee) and the two younger girls continued into the terminal as Curly exited to baggage.

Moments later I was presented with the same choice. But what kind of author would I be if I didn’t see the story out to it’s conclusion? I continued in the same direction as Red and Comfy, partly because I was curious to see how their story would end and partly because I was thirsty and without water. There was a water fountain ahead, right by the restrooms, and our individual destinations would end up taking us to similar places.

Red and Comfy sped up a bit more without Curly and were close to the ladies’ room a minute later. Somehow, I noticed, Comfy got the edge on Red and managed to enter the restroom first, despite her earlier claims that she didn’t need to go as badly. I wonder if that changed somewhere along the way. Maybe when she stood up?

The water fountain that I was looking for was just past the restroom and as I passed by, I glanced at the entrance out of curiosity. To my surprise, I could still see Comfy and Red framed by the empty doorway, clearly waiting in a long line. Part of me wondered how it would play out, but it felt far too creepy to loiter around the area and see. So I had my water and turned back towards the baggage claim area I’d passed before.

I had one more surprise waiting for me, however. As I passed the restroom once more (noting that Comfy and Red weren’t visible in the doorway anymore), a girl that looked to be in her early twenties, short and with striking blonde hair, sprinted past me. She was moving so fast that a gust of air from her wake ruffled my hair. I glanced first to my right, where she’d come from. Clearly she had just dashed off a plane that had arrived, judging by the steady stream of passengers coming from the connecting bridge nearby. I glanced back over my shoulder next, the direction she’d hurried in, and saw her handing her bag to a guy she knew, before rushing into the same restroom I had walked by a moment ago.

The same restroom that Red and Comfy were almost certainly still waiting in line to use. That meant Runner, who was apparently so desperate that she’d broken into a wind sprint through the airport upon deplaning, wouldn’t be finding her relief right away. Pondering if the three girls would all make it in time, I continued to retrace my steps and exited to the baggage claim, eager to enjoy my weekend in Texas and to share my friend’s wedding with her.

How could I really end there, though? The epilogue.

Though I didn’t see any more desperation sightings that day, I did notice a few more details. About ten minutes after I’d arrived at the baggage claim, the luggage finally came down onto the carousel. Looking around for my own bag, I noticed Curly, thanks to her rather distinctive hair (and in part, her size). Upon seeing her though, I watched her wave to Comfy, who had just entered the baggage claim area herself.

Deductive reasoning leads me to believe that if she made it with no signs of trouble, Red probably did too, despite having to go seemingly worse than Comfy did. It also stood to reason that if Red’s connecting flight meant she would be continuing into the terminal, she and Comfy would have said goodbye, which could mean that the line they’d been waiting in had only taken about five minutes or so. You could even guess that Runner had made it in time too, though her case was probably far closer than either Red’s or Comfy’s. Maybe they’d even taken pity on the poor girl and let her go in front of them if she’d been desperate enough.

It’s hard to tell much about a situation from a simple glance. But sometimes the stories you can invent from not knowing all the details can be just as fun.

If you might humor this one possibility of how the situation played out:

Comfy and Red stood in line, chatting about whatever they could think of to take their minds off of their uncomfortably full bladders. Red was tapping her foot the entire time, maybe even doing a full on little dance. Comfy was more still, tense and perhaps tapping her toe impatiently. Both girls are getting closer to the front of the line when Runner sprints into the restroom, letting out an audible groan when she sees the line. Already frantic, Runner is bouncing on the spot, desperately trying to hold back with relief so close at hand.

Comfy and Red, despite their urgent state, notice that the girl behind them is truly in dire need of the restroom. Comfy offers Runner to cut ahead of her in line, which she gratefully accepts, thanking Comfy profusely. Red is slightly annoyed by this, having been more desperate than Comfy though still winding up behind her in line, but accepts it. Even though she’s really bad off, she can tell Runner is about to lose it.

After those five minutes in line, Runner finally makes it to a stall and lets lose, the intense relief causing her to sigh and shiver contentedly. Red and Comfy find themselves on the edge, already incredibly desperate and now having to hear the younger girl pee with such force. Luckily for them, there are plenty of stalls and soon two women exit and allow Red and Comfy to find the relief they both needed so badly.

After seeing each other off, Red continues to her connecting flight as Comfy returns to the baggage claim area, reuniting with Curly briefly before continuing on her way.

Of course, this is just my own imagining creating one way it could have played out. It’s entirely possible that whatever thoughts you can come up with might have happened too. I do think it’s unlikely that any of them lost control though. Perhaps Runner, if things got really bad. But that kind of situation is pretty rare in real life, isn’t it? At least when the situations come up by accidental means.

At last my bag arrived and I hoisted it off the carousel and began to set off towards the front of the airport. As I did, I noticed something both hilarious and, to certain parties, probably frustrating. Perhaps only Comfy would have benefited from it, though depending on her destination, maybe Runner even more so.

As if it was some sort of punchline, from the center of the baggage claim I could see two sets of restrooms on either side of the hallway. None of them had any sort of line to speak of.

