New Challenge - Drink 2L, hold for 3h

Author: kates

*000*2016-04-08 15:27

Hi everyone, been a while. Hope you're all having good holds. Here is a challenge for you. I'm doing it myself as I speak, but I'll post about that in the 'Live Action' thread. Basically, I was on Xtube, and someone said they'd drunk two litres and had been holding for three hours. I decided to see if I could do that - hold two litres for three hours.

I chose Robinson's no added sugar double concentrate orange squash, and decided to drink it warm (faster bloodflow, faster transit time through the body). Using a 1L measuring jug to drink from, with 250ml gradations. Using my smartphone to set 15 minute alarms and drinking 250ml every 15 minutes until I've drank the full amount. We'll see if I'm able to do so.

So I challenge you to do the same! Use the same timeframe, the same drink (or a different squash, warm), and 250ml every 15 minutes until the full amound is down. See if you're able to hold out, and let me know in your replies! I'll let you know how I got on.

*005*2016-04-09 12:32

Well, I drank 2 litres over the course of 2 hours, without going to the bathroom, then held for a further hour. But if you were going to drink the two litres all in one go (and I really don't recommend that because of water toxicity issues, unless you make an isotonic or hypertonic electrolyte solution), then I'd say drink the whole volume over as short a timeframe as possible, and then start the timer. Please update here with what you did and how you got on!

*006*2016-04-09 12:47

These are my general safety rules:

1. No sitting astride anything, sitting on your heel or plugging/tying off your urethra with anything. If the bladder becomes too full, if unblocked, it will empty involuntarily. Better that than rupture or damage.

2. Empty your bladder fully before beginning the challenge. Then you know that what's going in is dilute and won't remain in for long - thus reducing the risk of infection.

3. Don't drink more than 1L of pure water per hour, and drink a maximum of 1L of pure water per hold. Pure water is hypotonic, and if you drink more than 1L per hour your kidneys can't flush out the excess water, which actually gets drawn into your brain by a process of osmosis, causing brain cells to swell and rupture. This is called water toxicity. Not only that, but drinking lots of fluids washes electrolyes out of your body. Key ones include potassium - which is needed to generate the electricity which makes your heat beat; so drinking too much pure water all day for several days can actually lead to sudden, unexpected cardiac arrest. 

Instead, use an electrolyte solution which - that way you're making sure your body always has the electrolytes it needs, and there won't be a concentration gradient - which is needed for both water toxicity and electrolyte leaching to happen. Electrolytes also go through the body faster than water too due to their not having to take extra time to reach the optimum osmolarity - so you'll have a more immediate effect.

4. Rest your bladder for at least a day after doing a long hold. That way any minor damage or weaknesses incurred have time to be repaired before you hold again, and you'll get a hold which is more pleasurable than it is painful.

A good electrolyte solution is 8tsp of table sugar, 1/2 a tsp of 'lo' salt, 1/2 a tsp of regular table salt, and a pinch of bicarbonate of soda, diluted in 1L of mineral water. I think this is the best electrolyte solution, as it replaces all the electrolyes washed out of your kidneys in the process of urine production. Although it might not taste that good. Closely followed would be coconut water, which is also isotonic and has a broad range of electrolyes and minerals used by the kidneys. 

Or you can use dioralyte, oralyte or pedialyte, all of which are isotonic and may have a better flavour - but which don't replace potassium quite as well. Or you can use lemonade (again, doesn't replace potassium as well). 1.5 cups of lemon juice to 2.5 cups of water, with 1 tsp of honey added in. The citrus contributes electrolytes. Perhaps the best tasting solution would be flavoured dioralyte powder, diluted in twice the volume of coconut water as the instructions call for (otherwise the total concentration will be twice as hypertonic as required for an isotonic one).

*008*2016-04-09 17:11

Hi, well if you downed the 2L in one go and then started the timer, that would be what it was :) As for your question, well I suppose it depends on your alcohol tolerance levels! Yes, it would make it harder to hold, but I wouldn't recommend it for several reasons:

1. Alcohol is a diuretic which means, when drank in large quantities, it will seriously dehydrate you. Not good for hangovers, or for the body - a friend of mine ended up passed out in hospital with a drip, not, I think, from drinking past his alcohol limits, but from collapsing from dehydration. 1 pint (500ml) per hour would probably be ok, if alternated with 1 pint of electrolyte solution per hour too, since it takes 1 hour for 1 unit of alcohol to clear from the liver. I reckon this would probably stave off hangover aftr pub nights anyway.

2. More seriously, alcohol is a muscle relaxant - including of the bladder. It also dulls nerve sensation, and can make you sleep through pain. Put together, this may mean that you fill your bladder past rupture point without noticing, and it can't empty because it can't contract. You run the risk of either UTI from an incompletely emptied bladder, or even bladder rupture - there have been a few cases of that in such scenarios.

3. Nerve sensation is part of the thrill, is it not?! Better to keep nerves fully in tact, and the crescendo of feelings too. Plus, a strongly contracting bladder to battle against is also part of the challenge.

So I'd stick with non-alcoholic, both for safety, and for the fullness of the challenge (no pun intended).

*011*2016-04-10 00:04

Akuji9, yes I studied biology at university, and applied what I learned about the urinary tract to omorashi, out of a mixture of interest and self preservation. :) I also think it helps the rest of the world understand the omorashi fetish if they understand that we know the dangers, and how to counteract them. It's the same with anything you do in life, I think. Instead of just "OMG holding your pee can make you DIE!" Which is just ignorance and unease on their part - so can base-jumping and people do that, and you don't hear people tell base jumpers:

"OMG, jumping out a plane can make you DIE!" 

They assume there are safeguards and it's a thrill the person gets, even if they wouldn't do it themselves. How is omorashi, safely practiced, different from that in principle? And Barlax, it might do by increasing the volume of urine produced, but might make the unwilling accidents more painful too due to overfilling and under-wetting - and also would increase the risk of rupture because of sluggish empty-reflex. Sorry to be a party-pooper!

$$

