My first public(ish) wetting

Author: Vorashi

*000*2020-12-23 11:18

A couple years back, I used to work overnight cleaning supermarkets. This was always a great time, I got to work at my own pace as long as everything was done by the end of the night. Now I'm non-binary (tagged as trans because no option lmao), but for wetting I find nothing beats skirts. So anyway, I had decided I was going to wet that night so I was wearing my usual black skirt, a pair of pinks panties, and regular sneakers and socks.

I had gone through about three Arizona green teas in the last few hours and things were getting pretty cramped. It was also the first time in memory that I had an actual bladder bulge. Now I've got a strong bladder, which makes a proper accident very hard but I was doing my absolute best and by the time I was done around 3am I was definitely at my limit. Still, I said my goodbyes to the other overnighters, got in my car, and decided to go for a drive down to the pier. The waterfront is beautiful at night and thinking of the sound of waves was adding to my desperation. So I arrive and park as close as I can to the pier, and there's not another soul in sight. This is perfect for me, as I cannot stand the idea of wetting in this town, too small and too good a chance of encountering someone I know. 

Even on the drive up I had barely been able to keep still, I was so desperate. What this actually meant is that I parked the car, got out, and managed three steps before I let go. My panties were soaked instantly and with how I'd been holding my crotch my skirt wasn't fairing much better. I shuffled forward a bit, I still wanted to go out on the pier but even that was a trial. My pee was running down my legs and soaked my socks and shoes (a pair I keep specifically for these occasions). It let up after about a minute and I could clamp down enough to stop the flow. I decided to walk out to the end of the pier, my shoes squished wetly with every step and I still felt pressure to go. After what felt like a mile long walk, I reached the end and let the rest flow out. I can't put the feeling of relief into words, letting the rest of that out. Even with what I had let out earlier, I still pissed for another two minutes at the dock's end, staring out at the lights of the town.

It was the first time I'd done this, definitely the most fun I'd had wetting, and it wasn't long before I did it again.

*003*2020-12-23 17:27

{{3 hours ago, dwp said:

Very nice story.

How did you feel? What happened after?

}}

I mean, not a heck of a lot happened. Went back to the car, changed into regular pants and went home for a good long sleep. The pain of overnight life

