Home alone

Author: Roxykkling2

*000*2019-09-13 16:00

But first little background: I got into omo when I was pregnant with my son, he's now five. I think it was slightly there prior but pregnancy for some strange reason intensified it. I haven't done much play with it in the passed year or so. no real reason why other than life just being really busy. back in July I had driven a total of 8hrs(4 one way) to pick my son up from a visit with his dad and got stuck on a section of the turnpike with no rest stops. And came very very close to a legitimate accident. if I had had extra clothes with me and something covering the seat I would have played along. And since then my fetish has more present again.

So I'm in nursing school full time. Today we are off. And I've decided not to pick up at work and instead spend my day working on getting online requirements done wheel my little is at school and my sort of bf that I live with is at work, so no distractions. I got some dishes done before taking my kiddo to school, and started some laundry so I wouldn't have chores looming over me while trying to concentrate on school work.

So it's 10am. this morning I've had a can of mountain dew while doing chores. And now I've settled on the couch with a cup of coffee and laptop. And a short ways in Ive noticed a strong erge to pee. But then a thought hit me. I'm home alone! Perfect time to play. So ive decided to hold as long as I can. Holding and the thought of an accident it a very strong intense turn on for me. So I'm horny at the thought of it and can already feel my vagina getting excited. I'm currently wearing my favorite yoga pants that are less cotton and more of a gym type material. I'm a thick girl who goes to the gym but also enjoys cream cheese.

And highlighted blonde hair. for visual. I don't have intentions of wetting these pants however bec as I said they're my favorite and they're comfy so I plan to wear them all day. But change into my favorite jeans when I'm getting close to losing it. I also plan to go outside when it's time. we have a large ish back yard and neighbors immediately on both sides but their never home through the day. There is an alley that goes beside and behind the house so there's a risk of being "caught". also a turn on.

So currently the erge is quite obvious. While switching laundry I did a slight wiggle but its not emergent yet. so I've settled on the couch to trudge into school work but the idea of what I'm gritting myself into has already made my pussy rather wet. around 1030 I'm bouncing my leg a little. The natural thought of going to the restroom keeps nudging me a out of normal habit but I push it aside. it's hard to stay focused on school work and when I get up to balance the bagging washing machine I have to cross my legs and dance a little. I'm surprised at how fast this is building but assume its a mix of the caffeine and excitement.

I decide to abandon the school work temporarily since I can't concentrate on it and I'm already bursting to go. I can feel it pressing on my urethra. And my pussy is soaked I'm so turned on which isn't helping my cause. I decide to tempt myself and as Im getting another drink to add to my torture I relax my muscles and I can feel the heaviness of my bladder drop down to be released but I stop it and the teeeniest of drops escapes. and I'm now pacing in the kitchen. I decide to go ahead and change my pants and changed my mind on the jeans.

Instead of the skinny jeans I initially was gonna wet in I put on a snug pair that have factory tears from the knees up. The thought of an accident in them and it all escaping thru the tears seemed wonderful. I also made an out of character decision to put them on without panties.which also turned me on even more. I pulled them up as high I could to feel the denim material rub against my pussy. Sitting down seems completely out of the question as it puts added pressure on everything. But I challenge myself to do it as i was sitting in the car when I almost had that accident in July. So as to avoid moistening the couch I sit at my vanity which has a leather seat. And I had can feel my muscles caving to the pressure.

The muscles around my urtethra are quivering and I keep clenching my legs tighter. I spread my legs and relax just until the point where I'm about to go and then i stop it again. I get up and walk around and I can feel it. Its right there. and I want so badly to just let it all go. But in determined to hold until my muscles give up on their own. I stand still in the kitchen and I can feel very slight amounts escaping. Just enough to had to the wetness of my pussy. I go outside to smoke a ciggarette and I sit on the stairs in stead of my chair in case of a leak. I can feel my muscles quivering and my pussy tensing over and over. my urethra is shivering ready to give up. I feel it about to come over the dam.

My legs are quivering uncontrolably. and Im about to lose it. I cant hold it anymore and I'm overwhelming turn on. Its pushing at my hole ready to come out and my bladder is in such pain. I shift my weight and leak. I decided to walk to my car and retrieve some things of my sons from the car. Carry them in and take another gulp of my drink. Remained in control until I sat back down outside. Immediately the pressure on my bladder is too much again and its pressing on my urethra my muscles shivering and I leak again. And again. Over and over.it's almost too much but I gain control again. The step is still dry. But there's an obvious spot in my jeans. I can't help picturing it pouring out of the tears in my pants.

The leaks were enough to take the emergent pressure off so I decide to go get another drink. It goes down funny and I start coughing spurting more and more in my jeans. As I walk around I feel the wetness of both my horniness and my leaking and I really want to reach into my jeans and start rubbing myself. I sit back outside. This time in a chair that neither of us sit in often. The pressure is building back up again and there's a tiny leak. my muscles start quivering again and I relax it's right at my hole ready. I start thinking about wanting to go buy adult pull ups so I have an 'accident in bed' without ruining the bed. Not today but at a later time. And imagining having that accident I start leaking a little. I decide to challenge myself and go inside to rub my pussy but before I get up from the chair I leak more my muscles straining to hold back the flood.

I walk into our bedroom and unbutton my jeans. My thoughts and pussy are soaked with cum. I have another idea and dig out my vibrator. While im standing at the junk drawer looking for new batteries I'm spurting non stop. I go to my sons room and dig for a car I know has batteries. Terrible I know. while Im bent over the toy box I start full on wetting without realizing it. I get back under control and take my vibrator to the bathroom( I don't wanna wet on the carpet or hardwood floor.) and rush to jam in my pants against my pussy still spurting non stop. I'm now wet to my knees. Once I feel the vibrate I get back under control a bit with a few small leaks. I lean against the sink and have a very strong orgasm. I always have to pee after an orgasm. So I know I'm done for now.

I go outside and sit on my step. a few seconds after I sit everything comes out in a steady stream and I here it pattering on the step below. I don't want to wet sitting or else it'll miss the tears of the jeans. I decide to go check out my mans tomato plants. Just an excuse to get up. as I'm looking at the plants. Not really. I feel the stream begin again. I cross my legs but its no hope. there's a torrent running down my legs and out through one of the tears and then pools in the fold of the pant leg around my ankle. my butt and the back of my thighs are getting warm and wet. the ground at me feet is forming a puddle and it's still coming. I move to look at the other plant and the flood is even heavier now its flow down my leg and out the other tear soaking the thin little white stings. Once I feel empty I go inside to shower and then laid down to have another orgasm before settling in to actually concentrate on school this time.

