Desperation accident just at the door of the house

Author: abundance

*000*2011-01-14 14:58

I had a few accidents in my life, always when I was a kid. This one is the last one. I was 12 year old.

My dad, my sister and me were coming back from holidays by car, and for a long time I was holding a very very need to pee... I have a very little bladder and it happened to me all the time when I was a kid. I was scared of every travel in car, because I knew I couldn't go anytime I needed to pee...

So, we were in the car, and my dad decided to go visit my uncle before we come back to the house, so I could use the toilets there. I was about to burst... It was horrible ! Even if it happened a long time ago, I still remember the suffering of trying so hard not to pee my pants !

But I was confident, because we were arriving at the house, and I was still holding. When the car stopped, I ran to the door of the house, really quicly, and just when my uncle opened the door, I was wetting myself... I couldn't hold any longer.

There was a huge puddle of pee surroundig my feet... It was so humiliating. My dad, my uncle and my sister looked at me really surprised, without saying a word... And I bursted into tears. Hopefully then didn't say anything and they acted as if nothing happened. I changed my clothes and it was over. We never talked about it. But it was horrible.

I can still remember all that time in the car when I was desperatly trying no to wet my pants, for finally pee in front of everyone...

Now you have my little story. I hope my english was not too bad... ^^

*002*2011-01-14 23:35

Thanks for all these advices Ranpalan ! I'll try to be more careful about my english. And I would love to tell you more about this experience, but I can't really remember details... And I don't want to invent anything that didn't happen. But I hope that one day, I will find the confidence to write a fiction, with much more details, I promise !

And, indeed, it can be frustrating when your family just ignore you when you're feeling bad, but at least, as you said, you don't have to feel guilty about it.

*005*2011-01-17 12:33

I don't understand Slater, why do you want me to edit my story ? In french we also use ? and ! but I didn't have to use them in the text I wrote I think... And for the clothes, yes I remember. I was wearing a simple black skirt with a little knot on the side (I still wear it sometimes) and black tights and simple sandals. So I'm sorry, I'll disappoint you but we couldn't see any trace of my accident, because I was standing when I burst... ^^

