Desperation diapered around Paris

Author: Laïla Brigitte

*000*2021-12-15 21:10

I already made my presentation saying I'm a 25 years old parisienne fille not still engaged. So now I wanna contribute with my first story on this site. I already've been reading some of your stories. First of all I wanna remember you that I'm a French speaker so I'll try my best to give me to understand on English Anyway I'll be supporting myself using the Google translate.

For my first story I chose one happened a few weeks ago, That day I woke up lately because it was Sunday. I woke up at around 9:30 am and I woke up needing to go to the loo so I start feeling that feeling I'm sure you all feel when you know it's a perfect day for a holding.

So I woke up needing to go urine but instead of going to the loo I ran to my fridge and took 2 cans of coke which I franked down, I light breakfast making myself sure to ingest enough liquids.

Around 11:30 pm I was Soo desperate to urine so I decided to go out so I put on a diaper and then over my diaper I put on my panties and my jeans. I put on a blouse with a scarf and a blazer.

I started to make time by traveling on the Paris subway transboarding on different stations and different lines. Finally around 1 pm when I realized I couldn't keep holding my bladder much longer I got off on Trocádero subway station. One of the three Subway stations close around to Eiffel Tour. I got off and I started to walk to the Eiffel Tour making my best to keep close my pee hole, pressing every muscle of my body because my bladder was really about to bursts.

I crossed d'Léna bridge over the Sena river. It was a typical cold cloudy day on Paris a cold day with a lot of black clouds but without any single drip of rain. I walked down across the Eiffel Tour and I sat down on the gardens around the Tour Eiffel and my bladder just burst. My pee started to fastly fill my diaper so I that to make a great effort to stop and to start realising my pee on small spurts to not overflow my diaper and wet my dark denim jeans. Went my diaper was full at top I stood up and started walking trying to hide the fact I was walking with a mega full diaper.

I got to the closest portable girl bathroom, because Paris it's full of those portable bathrooms which at difference of other countries they're always clean. I came in into the girl disposable bathroom and I took up my diaper and finally I finished realising my bladder uuuff what a relief.

