Having some fun on my run!

Author: Lucass

*000*2017-11-26 06:50

So ive been running like all the time. Its gotten kind of ridiculous but not only is it making my endurance on point I like doing it. Well anyways today it was after dark and I wanted to have some fun running. I started drinking lors of water and by the time i walked out of the door i really had to pee. I started a route down my street to start my run

And it wasnt long before i leaked. I hit a broken piece of rhe sidewalk and tripped I managed to carch myself but also felt a spurt of pee guzzle into my underwear.

And the details about who I am and stuff. I was just wearing black shorts and a black shirt with a bright green jacket. I am male but I was testing v5 of my device that allows me to completely emulate the female urinary system. So with this thing on I basically become a girl in terms of peeing.

So i continued down the road feeling the damp section of my underwear just enticing me to let a little more out. I ran to a park and stopped running for a second to check my phone and I felt another leak find its way into my underwear. I crossed my legs and stemmed the flow. I coukd feel the crotch on my shorts damp now. I was kinda worried other people would see but it was night and i was wearing black. So no chance. But the real problem was I was really startingn to have to pee. As my loop continued I felt myself getting more and more desperate.

I was almost home, i had a couple of streets left when mid stride I felt another spurt of pee shoot into my underwear. Then my foot fell onto the asphalt a long jet of pee soaked my underwear and i felt two streams of pee trailing doen my legs. I slammed my hands into my crotch and stopped the flow.....for now. I was so close when i felt raindrops falling from the sky. That was it for my bladder I felt the dam just break loose and pee just soaking everything. It felt amazing. Pee was traling down my inner thighs and my clothes were soaked from both pee and the rain. I tried to stop the flow but there was nithing I could do. Both hands were slammed into my crotch and they got soaked. After a couple tried I just relaxed and enjoyed the feeling. The rain pattering around me with warmth spreading through my shorts. I slowly walked gome still grinning from the events that just took place. And that leads me to the present. With me writing this in a nice warm bath.

I hope you enjoyed my story! Sorry if its bad im really tired but if you have any suggestions let me know!

