Probably a one off male wetting!

Author: rebeljaffa

*000*2021-09-19 13:48

EDIT: This should be in the videos section I think. My bad!

Okay, this is very much outside my comfort zone. I like desperate women, women who hold it. Not even, really, a woman wetting, though if it's through desperation it does show that her bladder had done everything it could possibly do!

I'm definitely not into men holding and peeing and not into my own - and yet... It seems rude not to do things I like others to do. So I drank like a fish, glass after glass...

And a classic mistake, which I made of course, was to think "Oh that water isn't doing much. I'll just have a couple more!" Too complacent, man, too complacent!

Minutes later I had the old cliché that I couldn't get recording quickly enough! Especially as I danced upstairs to the bathroom and forgot my phone (camera). By the time I got hold of that and dumped a towel down, I was grabbing myself and starting to go! I just couldn't stop it, no way could I hold longer, and it was an interesting little bit of science!!

Don't be completely surprised if I turn round and delete this.

InShot_20210919_143052821.mp4

*002*2021-09-19 14:26

{{1 minute ago, PrincessInTheP said:

What was your favorite part?

}}

In the build-up I was linking it to desperate women I have seen, and imagining I had been asked to hold a full bladder for some reason in the way that a woman might be, so how would I achieve that without overdoing it? Well I failed at that...

The realisation that I could not last made it more of a rush to get recording and that was all a blur. With less water I could have done a little more pee dancing and tried to relate that to what happens to the desperate women I love to see.

I have to admit, I have only wet in my clothes once before and the warm flood might have been the best part! Also I had a strange jumpy feeling of being watched, because I knew I was going to upload it. I've asked women to hold to their limit before but nobody ever asked me to do something for them. This made me realise I wasn't really being unreasonable at home but it would be quite a thing to get to this state in public. I'll have to reflect on that!!

*003*2021-09-19 14:41

My favourite part NOW is that you saw it

*005*2021-09-19 21:16

{{1 hour ago, Gatorsandgeese said:

Ohhh MY favourite part is the little moan you let out when you started leaking and the way you hold yourself so the pee comes out through your fingers. Lordy, don’t delete this, I’m putting it in whatever the girl equivalent of the wank bank is.

}}

Really?! It probably is still a wank bank and I feel a lot better for hearing that!

*011*2021-09-21 00:13

{{13 hours ago, PrincessPeeach said:

Mmmn hmmmmmm, so ridiculously hot. I love, love, love the audio and the pee pouring through your hand. It’s crazy hot.

}}

Thanks so much! There was no planning with the audio or anything, it just happened that way. So I'm really happy that it pleases you!

