It started with a text

Author: apollo

*000*2018-03-13 14:47

So its been a while since we've really indulged my fantasy but last night changes all that.....

It had been a long day. Work had been its usual painful grind and an evening running favours for everyone else had left me tired. I made myself and my wife a drink and told her I wanted an early night then headed upstairs to our bedroom. Once I was settled, I picked up my book with the intention of getting through a few pages before going to sleep. Ill admit I was feeling a little lonely up there and longed for some company from my other half, especially the kind that led to her endulging in my particular desires. I was so tired though. Maybe it was best to just have a quiet night.

Then the text came.

I was aware that my phone had beeped but I was caught up in the book. Just a few more paragraphs I told myself. As I was reading the last few lines I had set myself to finish, my mind started a thread of thought: wouldnt it be awesome if it was my wife from downstairs, asking if I wanted another drink, leading to her coming upstairs gently fidgeting? She had done that once before. The mind raced as fast as my heart but I calmed myself. It wasnt likely was it and besides I was tired remember?

I reached over for the phone as I finished the last few words and glanced down. The text on the screen made my heart beat much faster.

It simply read: "I need a wee!"

"I must be pyschic" I thought as I fought to contain the growing excitement but suddenly thought: how do I respond to a question like that?

" are you desperate?" was all I could manage in my haste. I didnt want to think too long, the text had already been a while waiting and I didint want her to think I was asleep and end up doing something as boring as going to the toilet!

"Very" came the reply.

"Excellent.... I mean how uncomfortable for you" I sent back.

"trouble is Ive just gone into the loo" I sent again, quickly heading to the one toilet we have in the house and bolting the door.

"oh no, Im not sure I can hold it!" came the response. I was positively going crazy at this point, the thoughts of tiredness long gone. I heard her coming up the stairs, then there was a quiet knock at the door

"please hurry or Ill wet myself" a playful voice spoke through the door. I could just imagine her bouncing up and down, hopping from foot to foot, but i wanted....needed to see it.

I went to the door and unbolted it. She didnt push through in a hurry. Instead she stood there exactly as I had imagined, shifting from one leg to another and biting her bottom lip. She was wearing a shortish dress which was occasionally being pushed between her thighs by her hand as if it could physically prevent her bladder from leaking into her knickers. Of course I knew she didnt want it to even if it could and the thought was making my heart pound.

Before I could speak she came to me and put her arms around me and kissed me, then she pulled back looked me in the eye, leaned forwards again and whispered in my ear, "I think its too late"

As we began to kiss again, I slipped my hand down to her crotch and felt and warm jet of pee escape into her knickers. She gasped between our intensifying kissing and then managed to stop the flow briefly. She stood back a little, unzipped my jeans and started to pleasure me before the telltale hissing betrayed another escape of pee. She looked down and then back at me. "Opps, I think Ive wet myself!"

" You might as well finish then" I said as she continued to slowly stroke at my manhood. She gently closed her eyes and moaned and as I looked down, I saw a river of pee run down her legs. As I leaned in to kiss her again, I returned my hand to her crotch and felt the warm wetness as it gushed between my fingers, down her legs and pooled on the floor at her feet. The noise of splashing pee on the floor along with the hiss, pressure and warmth on my hand was overwhelming and I soon came powerfully all over her glistening legs as the pee continued to flow to the floor.

As I regained my breath, I pulled back to look at her and realised she was still wetting herself! She had such a look of relief on her face and the puddle at her feet was huge and still spreading. She giggled playfully as eventually the last spurts of her pee shot through her knickers and down her legs to her feet, the glistening crotch beginning to lighten as the flow eased and stopped.

I stood amazed at the lenght of the wetting that had occured - she really must have been desperate!

I leaned in to kiss her again then helped her peel the soaked underwear off, before getting in the shower with her. As the steaming shower covered us both, I lowered my hand and pleasured her as I stood behind her, cupping her breast with my other hand. She moaned with pleasure as she came, then after long embrace, we cleaned ourselves up and went upstairs to bed.

It was the start of a long night. A night I should have been too tired to survive!

I

