Real Sighting: Teacher Mum's Pee Mishap - Too Shy or UTI?

Author: Maxlex

*000*2021-12-28 15:58

I have always had a fascination with female teacher's peeing habits, but of course not with my mum who is a high school teacher as well. Anyway, I'm sure you guys are interested to hear this totally embarrassing story as I'm still trying to figure out whose fault it is and how this could happen and whether my 44-year-old mum is just too shy or really had a UTI? Maybe you guys have an opinion on that!?

Anyway, two days before Christmas my mum and I met up in town to buy me a new suit which was supposed to be a Christmas present from my mum. We met at a Christmas market in the city center where my mum had some mulled wine and tea with some of her high school teacher colleagues for a little Christmas celebration after school. I brought a good friend along as he needed a new suit as well. My mum had never met him before, so I introduced them to each other. My mum, on the other hand, introduced a male teacher colleague to me and my friend. This colleague planned to join us as he wanted to buy a new coat or something. As soon as my mum and her colleague had finished their drinks, we went off to a large clothing store which was close by.

Right when we entered the store, my mum and her colleague met some older pupils from their high school and they started talking for 5-10 minutes. "How are you, Mrs Gerner?", "Are you also shopping Christmas presents, Mrs Gerner?", "Have a happy holiday, Mrs Gerner!", etc. I just hoped this would not continue as shopping would take forever otherwise. Then finally we went to the top floor where the men's clothes are. There were quite a few people, but we still found a nice male sales clerk who showed us some suits and explained everything we needed. 

We took our time to look at different models and tried on several of them. While my mum's colleague went looking for a coat in another area of the store, my mum stayed with us and also gave comments on how we looked and which model she would prefer. After a while though, I noticed that my mum seemed to get a little restless and she either seemed to rub her legs together or stood with her legs crossed, which kinda highlighted the triangle of her pussy through her tight blue jeans. But my mum did not say anything about needing to pee or the like.

Only after several more minutes, she told us to hurry up a little as she still had "some other appointments" after shopping. Although she most likely tried to be especially subtle in front of the sales clerk and my friend, I could see that my mum was really fidgety now and her most important "appointment" seemed to be the one with a bathroom. But my friend and I still had to try on a few more suits. When each of us had decided for a specific suit, we told the sales clerk and he took the suits and directed us to the checkout on the same floor. As we walked in the direction of the checkout, my mum kept looking around and turned her head left and right, most probably in order to spot a restroom somewhere, but obviously there was none on this floor. Instead of a restroom, she spotted her colleague who had just paid his stuff and they began to chat about their shopping experience.

As they kept chatting, the pee must have been pressing really hard on my mum's bladder as she could hardly stand still anymore, although she seemed to try hard with her thighs pressed together and her ass clenched tight. Her colleague then said that he would wait for us and we finally made our way to the checkout. There was a line of about five or six people. By now, my mum had become rather quiet and seemed to look straight ahead with her legs crossed while probably silently cursing about the queue. I stood behind her and it looked as if her ass muscles were working as well, clenching them hard in her jeans. When there were only two more people in line ahead of us, my mum suddenly crouched to the floor and kept her thighs really close together. She then tied her shoelaces or at least pretended to do so while still crouching on the floor...

To be continued...

*002*2021-12-30 05:25

...my mum then got up again and when she got up I saw that she grabbed or rather stroked the area of her pussy for a split second. Then she paid for my suit, all the time with her legs tightly crossed and her legs jiggling a little from time to time. She also quietly asked the cashier something that I could not understand, but I guess she asked him where the restrooms were. We then had to wait for my friend to pay as well before we made our way downstairs together with her teacher colleague. My mum's teacher colleague suggested that we could go and have another mulled wine or tea at the Christmas market.

On the ground floor we passed a sign for the restrooms. When my mum saw the sign, she said: "Eeehhhmmm....I'm really sorry, but I think I will just go and quickly use the restroom before we have another drink...."

"No problem.", said her teacher colleague and we all went in the directions of the restrooms. Turns out there is a huge line for the women's restroom, but even a shorter line for the men's restroom as well. I then suggested that we should probably find another restroom and that there would certainly be another restroom somewhere outside at the Christmas market. My mum did not look happy at all, but we went outside to the Christmas market. As we did not immediately see any restrooms outside, my mum's colleague suggested that we could just have one more drink quickly and then he would have to leave anyway. I could see that my mum wanted to protest at first, but she didn't and her colleague was already queuing to get four mulled wine. The cups were hot, but not that big, so we slowly drank this delicious mulled wine and talked a bit about this and that. I got the impression that this colleague really liked my mum and I started to wonder whether they were having an affair.

Anyway, my mum must have had more urgent thoughts (most probably not about her colleague) as she was standing next to me and I could feel on my legs how her legs were constantly jiggling while stomping her feet on the ground under our high table. My mum drank her wine veeeeery slowly and after she had drunk half of it, she said that she can't finish it, so I drank the rest. We then said goodbye to her colleague. As soon as he was gone, my mum said that we could stay and have another drink while she would quickly try to find a bathroom. In her voice I could hear that she must have been really desperate by now. Since my friend and I did not want to have another drink and I was the one who suggested that there must be another restroom somewhere around the Christmas market, we decided to help my mum find a restroom and follow her.

We quickly looked around the Christmas market, but there seemed to be no toilets close by, so my mum decided to go back to the store to use the restroom there. She was really in a hurry now and kind of speed-walked in the direction of the store. As soon as she got inside, she immediately headed for the toilets. However, when we reached the toilets, the line was just as long as before with about 10-12 women waiting in line. My mum saw the line and said: "Eeeeehhhmm....okay....eeeeeehmmm...I think I will probably have to find another bathroom...", and off she ran. "Maybe you guys want to wait here...I'll be back in a few minutes!?" But I did not mind and my friend did not say anything. While my mum asked this question facing us, her legs were pressed together really tight and it looked like my mum tried to rub her pussy with one thigh. She also had one hand behind her back, probably massaging her butt or peehole from behind.

She then sped off towards the escalators to the second floor and when she walked up the escalators she kinda walked in a strange way. My friend and I followed behind and saw that the second floor was the one for women's lingerie, so my mum probably thought there must also be a toilet somewhere. She seemed to look around frantically. Just when I wanted to suggest that I would find a sales clerk and ask for another toilet, my mum went into a crouching position right between two clothes racks. We came closer and I asked my mum what's up. She said "nothing", but still remained in that crouching position. My friend seemed concerned as well and asked her if she is okay. She said: "It's okay....I just....I think I have a bladder infection or something, so my stomach is hurting. But I'll be okay!" Even in the crouching position my mum seemed really fidgety and constantly bobbed up and down with her knees and ass.

She then got up and obviously wanted to walk in the other direction, when she crouched again, this time only after maybe walking for five metres. "Muuuum, what's up? Are you sure, you're okay??" She then replied: "Eeehmm....ehmmm...maybe not.....okay...so this has never happened before, but I think I have a bladder infection and I suddenly feel like I have to go to the bathroom....like....like right now...."

I suggested that she should just jump the bathroom queue downstairs or use the men's bathroom. My mum got up, but after only two metres she crouched again and said: "ohmyygod.....it hurts so bad I can't even walk any more...." I said: "Come on, mum, let's go downstairs....!" She replied: ".....I'm serious....I think I can't....like I really can't walk right now..."

I got a little impatient now and tried to help my mum up with two hands and make her walk. We slowly walked in the direction of the escalators, when my mum suddenly stood still, crossed her legs really really hard without saying anything and the next moment I noticed that she now had a wet spot on her butt and it looked liked she had pooped diarrhea on her jeans. She then grabbed her butt with one hand really hard and hobbled towards the clothes racks before crouching again.

It all went really fast, but when I saw my mum crouching I noticed some wetness underneath her on the carpet and also on the pussy and butt area of her jeans. While she was crouching, she hastily took of her winter jacket and tried to tie it around her waist. She managed to hide her butt and also her pussy area quite well, so I could not see much wetness. I did not even know if my friend realized what had happened, but he suddenly said that he would take the train to go home now. He said goodbye to me and my mum and left with his bag.

My mum, however, got up and walked towards a changing room and since I had not comprehended what I had just seen and did not know what to do, I just followed my mum and also went into the little changing room. As soon as I got in, my mum began to shout at me in a whisper, saying that "this is all your fucking fault...I told you I have a bladder infection and need a bathroom....and I still have to fuckin pee...." She then pulled out some tissues from her handbag and started to dab herself dry. First her jeans from the outside, then she pulled down her jeans just a little, I guess in order for me not to see anything. However, I could still see that she was wearing some grey thong that had now turned into a darker grey in the crotch area and even a thin pantyliner which obviously did not help much soaking up her pee. She even stuffed two tissues inside her wet thong to soak up the rest of the urine from her shaved pussy I guess.

Ok guys, that's it for now, my mum was really furious with me, but I did not really get why. Also, I'm not sure if she really had a bladder infection. Anyway, hope you like this story, comments and opinions always welcome!

*004*2021-12-30 13:32

Actually, I think as a teacher she is supposed to have a rather strong bladder, but I guess you are probably right. She never went to a doctor and I also don't remember that she said something about taking a medication for a UTI. What I still don't understand in the case of being "just desperate" is then why she did not try to find a bathroom way earlier. I guess no sane adult would wait with going to the bathroom until he or she is on the verge of an accident as long as bathrooms are available.

*009*2022-01-09 11:45

I mostly agree with what you say, fetisher. Especially when you write:

{{11 hours ago, fetisher said:

For a mature woman, especially a teacher, it is quite unacceptable to say that she goes to pee outside. It may sound unbelievable, but at such a critical moment even the most intelligent woman can squat secretly outside to pee, rather than make an accident.

}}

It was quite busy in the city centre, but even if there are no secluded trees or bushes she could have easily squatted between two cars by the side of the road. My friend and I could have even given her some shelter and since it was dark already, nobody would have seen her pussy or butt. In comparison I would say that the option of having an accident is rather "unthinkable" and humiliating compared to "unacceptable", so I would always choose "unacceptable" if I were in such a situation. Instead, she chose to wait until she started leaking in her pants like a little kid although she had always told us to go to the bathroom early enough and "always say when you have to go" when my brother and I were little kids. It was even very embarrassing for me as I think that my friend could not oversee how my mum's jeans were getting wet in the end.

*011*2022-01-09 12:05

I agree, it's certainly not a conscious decision to go in your pants, but it is a conscious decision to put off going to the bathroom for so long that you run the risk of having an accident. At least as long as you do not have any medical issues, which is debatable in my mum's case, an adult should approximately know how long he or she can hold it before risking to pee their pants.

And where I live you will never get a criminal record from just peeing in public.

*012*2022-01-09 12:12

And by the way: Later that day I found my mum's thong in front of our washing machine when I wanted to do my own laundry. Her panty liner was still wedged inside and it was still totally soaked and reeked of pee. So my mum did obviously not just leak or dribble a little pee, but rather must have gone on herself full stream for a few seconds which makes me wonder if she lacks total control over her pee muscles at her age already.

*014*2022-01-10 10:29

Well, I guess the line for the women's restroom might have taken about 10-15 minutes the first and second time. If I remember correctly, there were also about three dudes waiting in line for the men's restroom.

The first time my mum was a little unsure whether she should wait in line I guess, but I was the one who suggested to look for another bathroom somewhere outside as I did not want to stand around and wait for my mum for 15 minutes. If she had been alone, she would have most likely waited in line I think.

She never made any effort to cut in line, I don't know why. Would have certainly been the easier way instead of looking for another bathroom which wasn't there in the end.

*016*2022-01-12 20:47

Nah, I don't think I've ever seen her pee outside. But if it is an emergency like it obviously was, I think she would generally do it. When she got to the toilet queue the second time, I did not think that she needs some time alone. I mean, for what? You would not think that your grown mother would need some time alone in a busy shop to pee in her pants quietly, right? And if she wanted to hide she should have better gone outside as it was already dark. I guess if she had leaked in her jeans outside without attracting any attention then maybe neither my friend nor I would have noticed anything.

Finally, I still don't really understand how this could happen because the circumstances were not that unfortunate. She had to pee when she was with three males and there was a line for the women's bathroom, period. Such circumstances will probably happen to most women at least several times a week, so I probably do not want to know how often my mum will then be very desperate in her day-to-day life and maybe pee her pants, even in school...;-)

