School Sports Day

Author: TheGreatBigGuy

*000*2011-04-25 12:49

This was many years back during the first year of high school.

I dont remember this very well, but i will do my best to recount the events of the day.

I got up at 7am to a nice, hot, sunny summer day. I had my break fest as usual, but only had about 1/2 a cup of milk as today was sports day. It occurs once a year, we pick a sport then we go out for the day to do our sport. I had chosen to do soccer, and being my first year in high school i was nervous about when i would get time to visit the toilet. Usually i would go before i left school, at lunch and recess then when i got home.

Everything was going fine, we caught the bus there and got dropped off next to the main field. There was toilets and the canteen blocks, and then a large field, so i knew everything would be good for the day. It has also been nearly two hours since i last used the bathroom as i always go to school early, then you have 20 minutes waiting for rollcall, then 40 minutes in rollcall, e.t.c, so i was thinking about asking to use one, and decided i could wait. To my surprise, i was wrong about knowing all would be fine, as we walked about 7 or so minutes to get to the back of the field, then down bushes, under a small bride and small stream, then onto another large field for about 9-10 minutes off the main place. The canteen and toilets were not in place. Not to bad i thought as i could always walk down there in my break.

There were 6 teams, and 6 games to play, each team would get one game scheduled off for a break. Between games there were 10 minutes to rest, and rehydrate, no were near enough time to head to the toilets. The first game was fine, and in the second game i started to need to pee a fair bit. At the end of the game, i asked how long we were on break for (this was before i knew how the day was scheduled) and we only had 10 minutes. I felt a bit bad as i wouldnt have been able to go, but as this was a hot day i had to drink more water to remain hydrated.

The third game was getting a little annoying to play, but i was able to carry on without giving it away then i needed to pee. After that, we were told we were supposed to be on break for the fourth game, and a smile formed on my face knowing i could then get away for the toilet.However, one of the other teams were away, and we had to fill in. I asked if i could use the bathroom, but they had been closed for pertinence, and would be open by the time we had to leave. The game was horrible and the need to pee was growing. While playing i saw groups of girls heading down into that ditch out of site, it was obvious what they were doing.

At the end of the fifth game, i was getting very desperate, thinking about how i could relieve my bladder. I asked the teacher to go down to the bushes and was denied. The teacher was a female, and obviously wanted the other to have some privacy. During the final game, i was barley moving, and when i did it was slowly and smoothly, any bumps or sudden movements hurt my bladder, and nearly made me loose control.

Finally, the game was over and we would be able to walk back to the toilets. When walking off the field back to my bag, i saw a cute young girl pleading to the teacher to let her go to the bathroom, she was wearing nice tight fitting shorts, and was a very attractive person. Tears were forming in her eyes, and she eventually fell on here knee's crying while having both hands in her cotch. A nice patch of pee started showing, followed by a strong urge form my bladder. The teachers directed us to sit down and wait for the buses here. My luck had been horrible today, and now i thought i would loose it.

The first bus came and picked up the first half of the people, leaving me waiting for another 25 minutes. Finally the time arrived, but i was one of the last on the bus and forced to stand. Each bump in the road gave me another massive urge to pee, nearly loosing it a few times. Thankfully for me, i made it back to school, then shortly arrived home minutes later were i relieved my self.

