Peed when changing in a cubicle

Author: EmmaWees

*000*2017-05-03 16:48

I'm sorry if this story ends up being boring. Writing is not really my thing.

Short description of me for those who like to fantasize: I'm 164cm, pale, skinny with B cup sized breasts and long brown hair reaching just above my breasts.

I have swimming practice every Tuesday and water always makes me really desperate. So I decided, feeling a bit naughty, to pee right after I get home from school (at 3pm) and hold it until I get home from the practice. The practice starts at 6pm and I usually get home after 7pm.

At home I made myself lunch, rested a bit and drank about 1,5 liters of coke (my guilty pleasure, apart from peeing of course).

Then 17pm struck and I started getting ready and packed my things. At this point I felt a small need to pee. I got into my car and went. During the drive, my need to pee was rising. When I got to the training, I felt quite big pressure on my bladder, but I wasn't yet desperate. So I changed into my swimsuit and went to the pool.

When I jumped into the pool a wave of desperation hit me. I had no trouble holding my pee yet, but I had to do it actively. I could have peed there, but I decided to hold it. During the training, my desperation rose every minute. I had trouble focusing on the swimming at the end.

When I was on the ladder stepping out of the pool, a huge wave of desperation hit me. I immediately grabbed my crotch with one hand while holding the ladder with my other hand. I felt my pee making it's way out of my urethra, but I clenched my muscles and held it in. On my way to the shower, I tried not to hold myself, but I couldn't and held myself most of the way. I quickly started showering. When I was almost done showering, I started to leak, but I clenched my muscles and stopped the leaks. I could have peed there, but I decided to keep holding and get of the shower. I was holding myself the whole time with one hand. Essentially doing everything one handed. On my way to the dressing cubicle I leaked some more. Some of my pee ended up in my hand, but most of the leak ended up on the floor. 

It wasn't enough to form a visible puddle. I stumbled with great difficulties into the changing cubicle, grabbing my clothes from the locker along the way. I started pulling down my swimsuit when it happened. My swimsuit was pulled down just under my crotch when my muscles gave up and I started peeing into the swimsuit, which turned my solid stream of pee into two or three smaller ones. The pee splattered on to the floor and started forming a puddle. I peed for solid 30 seconds or maybe even slightly more. When I finished peeing I started to become more and more aroused. I pulled down my swimsuit and started to rub myself. The fact that anyone could hear me and I had to bite my tongue to not release any gasps only added to the excitement. I came in few minutes and peed a bit more when coming.

Then I dried myself, dressed up and drove off home.

*004*2017-05-04 10:31

{{12 hours ago, Wet19 said:

That was fantastic! Please share more!

}}

Thanks. That's my intent, but I will have to search around a bit in my memory.

