Caught in very humiliating act... peed everywhere

Author: andrelove

*000*2018-05-31 05:10

I had the opportunity a few days ago to have a wetting. I planned on holding it for as long as possible, until i physically couldn't hold it anymore. I decided to borrow a pair of my step sisters panties and leggings to wet in. I'm not trans, but I find wetting in leggings and panties extremely hot. Yes I know it's my step sister, but i never said I was normal.

No one is home...not yet that is, and as several hours pass, my bladder fills up fast.

It gets to the point that I cannot sit still. My bladder aches so badly. Suddenly, I feel a jolt, and have to grab my penis to avoid a spurt into the panties I am wearing. I am in so much pain, i am rocking back in forth, but I am turned on at the same time, and I feel myself grow hard.

I have a bottle of poppers I use for special occasions, and I proceed to masturbate.

Not sure if anyones ever used poppers, but they really space you out and numb you out. At this point my penis is slowly leaking, but my spaced out mind still strokes it.

What happened next was the most humiliating yet erotic moment of my life

I was close to cumming when I look up to see my step sister, staring at me in shock, masturbating in her panties and leggings while sniffing poppers.

I Pull up the pants, my heart beating a mile a minute, trying to explain to her, while her mouth is still open in shock

Suddenly she yells "OH MY GOD" and as the nitrate wears off and I sober up, I realize why she yelled.....I WAS PEEING MYSELF.. I was so stoned I didn't realized I started urinating

The pee soaked through my (her) panties and soaked through the grey leggings. I desperately tried to stem the slow by grabbing my penis and crossing my legs. It stemmed the flow for about 4 seconds before I started peeing again. I ran to the bathroom, a trail of pee behind me, my feet soaked. I jumped into the shower and pulled down the already soaked leggings and finished the rest into the panties, my shocked step sister witnessing every humiliating second. The fucked up part is, I had an erection the entire time,

As I finished I looked up humiliated. My step sister hasn't really said much to me since. I don't think she's mad more like shocked. It was a really hot experiance, but really embarassing. I've never peed my pants in front of anyone, let alone my step sister in her own panties. Thought i'd share this experiance!

*002*2018-06-09 04:58

{{On 6/1/2018 at 2:56 PM, liesjeversteven said:

That was quite something, lol

}}

I find humiliation really hot. she hasnt really spoken to me about it

