My first experience

Author: blitz827

*000*2011-12-06 08:35

This was my first experience concerning wetting. I was 11 at that time.

Since this incident I've been interested in holding pee and watching desperate people.

When I was in fifth grade I were in the classrooms with everyone else, and the bell rang announcing the next period. We had a ten minutes break. I didn't had to pee at all so I just stayed in the classroom until the bell rang again. Everyone entered the classroom but there were no signs of the teacher; she was running late or something similar, because I remember she weren't there.

My school uniform was a light blue shirt with dark blue pants, for both boys and girls. I had been drinking coke earlier in the morning, and I started to feel uneasy about my bladder. Many of my classmates started to play soccer with an empty bottle at the front of the classroom, and everyone got something to do in the meantime, because the teacher hadn't arrived yet.

However time was passing very slow, and my bladder was filling quickly. One hour later I really needed to go to the bathroom, and I was afraid to go because the teacher could arrive at any time and notice that I was outside. So I decided to hold it, instead of saying to my classmates that I'd go to the toilet and be right back (I've always been really shy and this time was not the exception). So I sat there hoping that my teacher were back soon.

I was really desperate at that time. Probably the most desperate I've ever been. I was literally peeing myself right there, but I didn't wanted to leave. I grabbed myself discretely and started to move back and forth, moving my legs really fast and trying to think about anything but pee. Time was passing very slow, and I was starting to lose control. I felt that I couldn't hold it anymore, and then a couple of drops escaped and wet my underwear. There were only a couple of drops, nobody would notice it. So I tried to hold it harder, but it was getting difficult. I thought: "I'm going to pee just a little bit, to relieve the pressure, and then I will be able to hold it longer". So I peed a little bit more and I felt my underwear getting wet pretty fast. Suddenly I stopped and tried to hold it again.

That game was killing me because in one hand I was literally exploding, and at the other hand I felt so relieved when I peed a little bit on my undies. I couldn't wait any longer and got out of the classroom, running as fast as I could looking for the bathrooms. When I arrived there I unbuttoned and removed my pants, but it was just a second too late; I peed myself and soaked completely my underwear. I finished peeing, leaved my underwear in the trash can, and returned to the classroom.

Nobody ever noticed what happened.

Since then I usually hold my pee and wait until I can't hold it anymore.

