Middle of the Night Urge (Male)

Author: EarthSquirm

*000*2020-01-02 19:15

Long time lurker, first time poster. I am a male who is into witnessed female desperation, but have no interest in it myself. It just isn't pleasant to me, but something finally happened to me last night that was worth sharing here! This story contains male desperation. It's short, but 100 percent true.

I am a 6' tall white male with blonde hair and a bushy reddish beard. Not skinny, not fat.

After a long night of watching movies and drinking plenty of beer and schnapps with my brother,(nothing unusual for us) I decided to go to bed at about 10 o'clock, since I had to work in the morning. I said good night and staggered my way to my bedroom for some drunken sleep.

I woke up around 2 A.M. with a feeling in my bladder that I have never felt before, and one that I hope to never feel again. I had to pee. Immediately. I guess I was just so knocked out that my bladder wasn't able to wake me up until my need reached a level of complete emergency.

I jumped out of bed as fast as I could and stumbled through the dark for the door, grabbing for the handle. Only it wasn't there. I was so out of it that I don't even remember what I was touching, all I knew was that it wasn't the door. It was almost like I was sleepwalking, but more lucid. I'm sure the alcohol certainly played a role.

I continued to reach for the door with my arms outstretched, frantically trying to to find the doorknob, or at least the light switch, but they just weren't there.

Now when I say I really had to pee, that's the truth. I have fairly decent bladder control, and don't find myself in desperate situations often, but this was beyond desperate. I was completely panicking. I read omorashi stories all the time, and usually I feel like the writer is embellishing a bit when they describe these levels of desperation, but there is no way to embellish this. It cannot be exaggerated how badly I needed to piss. I have never ever felt anything remotely close to this feeling, and can't imagine the urge being stronger. My bladder was swollen. It hurt. I felt the pressure from my bladder all the way to the end of my dick.

Still unable to locate the door, (obviously I was very drowsy) I feel a pulsating, almost throbbing sensation in my penis, my bladder's way of giving up by forcing the urine out of me. I grab myself with my right hand, squeezing for dear life, trying not to soak my floor. I've read many times, but never actually believed, stories of people legitimately losing control of their bladder, but I never thought it could actually happen to a healthy 28 year old adult. Surely someone of that age would always have some level of control. I was wrong.

Pee erupted from my dick, spraying all over the left side of my shorts and running straight down and out of the leg, splattering directly on the hardwood floor below. I peed for maybe a second and a half before I was able to stem the flow by grabbing myself harder. I didn't know what to do. I never thought that I would actually wet myself as an adult.

Around this time I must've started to wake up enough to navigate myself. I sat down on my bed, still squeezing the hell out of myself, and doubled over. I was in so much pain. All I wanted was to find my way out and get to the toilet. Finally I realized that I was sitting on the opposite side of my bed to the door! What a dumbass. I jumped up, flung the door open, and rushed into the bathroom.

Pulling my shorts down was difficult, as I needed to keep a hand firmly grasped around my dick, but after some wrestling, I got them pulled down enough for me to finally get the relief I so needed. As soon as I released my grasp, piss exploded out of me again, this time, thankfully, into the toilet. I peed for probably a minute and a half, and what a blissful minute and a half it was. People throw around the term "better than sex," but this truly was. Feeling the pressure melt away from my bladder was almost orgasmic.

When I was finished, I surveyed the damage, and wow. It's amazing how much one person can piss in a couple seconds. There was a puddle on the floor maybe a foot in diameter, and the entire left side of my shorts had gotten soaked as well. It was a horrible and somewhat painful experience, but at least it was completely private. I felt a little bit ashamed, but at least I hadn't been humiliated. I grabbed a towel to dry and sterilize the floor. I threw my shorts in the washer, and got in the shower. I didn't have to be up for a couple hours, but I was very awake.

There you go! My first post. I got no joy at all from this, but hopefully at least one person into male desperation will get something out of it.

*003*2020-01-03 10:54

{{6 hours ago, PrincessPeeach said:

Great first post! So cute that you were on the wrong side of the bed

Thanks for sharing

}}

I guess cute is the word for it.

Glad you enjoyed it.

*005*2020-01-03 13:43

{{8 hours ago, PrincessPeeach said:

{{23 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

How big is your bladder btw???

}}

Since I'm not into "holding" it's tough to say, but I'd like to think I have pretty good capacity. Im a big water drinker (around a gallon a day) and I'm used to putting off going to the bathroom just so I'm not peeing 20 times a day, but this was not that. This was waaaaaaay past uncomfortable. Just something very foreign to me.

}}

*008*2020-01-04 06:47

{{6 hours ago, swe11up said:

Excellent account, and decidedly an enlightening experience for you! Thanks very much for sharing. Ever measured your bladder capacity, it sounds as if it may be well above average!

}}

Never have, but the response to this has made me realize that it might be larger than I thought. Maybe I should!

*010*2020-01-05 04:59

{{On 1/3/2020 at 5:54 PM, swe11up said:

Excellent account, and decidedly an enlightening experience for you! Thanks very much for sharing. Ever measured your bladder capacity, it sounds as if it may be well above average!

}}

Never have, but the response to this has made me realize that it might be larger than I thought. Maybe I should!

{{9 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Yep intrigued now! Get yourself very desperate again and measure!!

}}

Doubt it. This was incredibly painful and I do not wish for it to happen again, not unless it was requested. I would be interested in measuring, but anything that involves getting to that physical state again is on my no go list. The trauma is strong with this one, I swear.

*014*2020-01-05 12:18

{{7 hours ago, nerdy princess said:

Definitely nothing to feel ashamed about.

I really liked your story and can relate to what you were feeling. I like male desperation, so to me this was hot. Thanks for sharing!

}}

Glad you enjoyed it

*017*2020-01-05 20:31

{{38 minutes ago, Spectator9 said:

I have real other accounts of guys who drink large amounts of water and who have attempted - often unsuccessfully - to put off peeing. That practice probably helped prevent you from wetting the bed. You say you got no joy from this experience, yet admit that pissing it out was orgasmic. I suspect that you may rethink the matter and may want to try to achieve another "pee-gasm". Not something you want to do too often, but maybe once in a while.

}}

It was an amazing feeling, but it wasn't a true orgasm. Only women are capable of the true "peegasm," right?

*019*2020-01-05 21:28

{{13 minutes ago, Spectator9 said:

Males can orgasm without ejaculation (they are actually two different things), and there are posts from men who say they have experienced a peegasm, so although it may be more common with women, I'd say that you may have experienced one.

}}

Interesting. I had no idea.

*020*2020-01-06 04:38

I'm glad that some people have enjoyed this. I've frequented this site for so long that I was actually excited to be able to attempt to contribute.

