At the movies

Author: Agent Marlee

*000*2021-12-27 06:36

It’s Sunday, and I hate Sundays. Today, however I am excited. My Christmas present was five free days with my girlfriend. She stayed the night last night, and because I’ll be mentioning her a lot, let’s call her Elle. She loves wetting and desperation just as much as I do. Today I decided we would try the rapid desperation technique. We woke up and started prepping our bladders. We started at 12 oz an hour but increased by 8 every hour allowing ourselves to go whenever, wherever and however as we were not planning to leave the house. 4 hours in and we’re up to 50 oz of water an we’re going about twice an hour. Keep in mind, we started at 8 am, and we set our hold portion for 2:30. Another hour goes by and I’m getting very excited. I decided I would start my hold an hour early. Elle decided to stick with the original time. That being said I jumped my liquids up to 96 every 15 minutes.

I started at 1:30 and I was in love, my bladder was already very full and I was in heaven. 2:00 I get a call from my best friend, we’ll call him Dave. He wants to go to the new Spider-Man movie at 3:30. I agreed and then hung up the phone. I had an hour left until I needed to leave but I was no where close to my breaking point. I told Elle who decided she would come with. She had not yet started her hold so she decided to do it when we got back. She promised to keep her liquids going at the movie and she said she would be making sure I did too. After showering and getting dressed which I knew was getting difficult to do, we left for the movies. Elle wore tight light jeans with tall leather black boots and a baggy sweatshirt and I wore the loosest sweatpants I had with a pair of sneakers and a short sleeve shirt.

We got there and I found Dave while Elle bought me two large Pepsi and two bottles of water. Dave and I went into the theater together and Elle found a seat up top. I was already uncomfortable so I decided not to rush the drinks. However, 20 minutes into the movie, Elle texted me saying “drink up”. I put a straw in one of my Pepsi’s and took a small sip. It went straight to my bladder, so I moved a bit in my seat and took a dead breath. 5 minutes later I get another text “really? Chug chug chug” I took a few more sips of my Pepsi and crossed my legs. This felt a little better. I was about halfway done with Pepsi number one when I felt the spasm. I crossed my legs tighter and I put my hand on my lap. Fuck I was not going to make it through this movie.

I laid back with my drinks and only took sips when I was thirsty. About an hour into the movie, I saw Elle reentering the theater from a bathroom break. She handed me one of my water bottles and told me to chug it or she doesn’t hold tonight. I looked over at Dave who was immersed in the Movie. I then took a firm grip on my penis and I used my teeth to open the bottle and chugged. It was cold and my bladder did not like it. But I did it. Elle looked happy as she went back to her seat. I was in pain. I had my hand wrapped around my dick praying I could make it through the next hour and a half of this movie. I decided that since I couldn’t focus on the movie, I should try something else to keep my mind of my aching bladder that had me halfway between a semi and completely hard in my grip. I thought about the day so far, adding up the numbers. 12,20,28,36,50,62,75,96,96,96,96.

Then I added the water 24 and the Pepsi I had unconsciously finished,72. 763 oz already today, but not all of it was in my bladder. Only 420 in my bladder. Fuck 420 oz in my bladder. I must have gotten carried away with that because I was now painfully hard. I took my hand off my dick and uncrossed my legs. At least I could sit normally for a few minutes. I got immersed in the movie and was very surprised less than 10 minuets later when my ladder spammed and had me doubled over. I checked my watch. I still had an hour to go. Elle texted me a cryptic message “having fun? I sure am. Drink some more please?” I groaned internally but grabbed the water bottle and downed about half of it before I grabbed my dick again and slowly finished it. Watch check. It’s only been 15 minutes.

I settle in, legs crossed tightly, dick held lightly with an arm over my waist. I can do this. 5 minutes and another text from Elle. “If that Pepsi isn’t done by the time the credits role I will dump it down your pants.” God she’s hot when she’s being dominant. Fuck it, straw goes in the drink, slurp slurp slurp. Squeeze. Fuck this was a bad idea. Slurp slurp squeeze. Slurp slurp slurp Shit! I squeezed my self so hard and my legs were so tight, but it wasn’t enough, I doubled over and tensed up. I leaked. Not a lot but I leaked. I didn’t have much time. I went back to my math and added the second bottle and the half Pepsi and had myself at 480, I started thinking about my naked girlfriend pissing all over me this morning, I thought about how big my bladder must be and how sexy my bladder bulge must have looked at the moment and I got hard. So painfully hard, but this was how I was going to make it home with minimal damage.

I had 20 minutes left. I could do it. 20 minutes passed without incident but I was doomed. There were end of credits scenes and I had not yet finished my Pepsi. I chugged the last 36 oz with a tight grip on my member and luckily I made it. Barely but I made it. I put my feet up on the seat and butterflied my legs while holding myself tightly to make it through the credits. This is when I noticed a family sitting about four seats down from me, and the older girl smiled at me as if knowing my situation. Ahh, and now I was hard again. I looked up and the screen was black, Elle was suddenly by my side. She helped me get up and quickly realized I was not going to make it home. She had me stand straight as we said god bye to Dave and she ushered me to the empty woman’s bathroom.

We entered the handicapped stall together and she stripped down. She grabbed my member and started sucking on the tip. She bobbed her head until she had my entire length, (8 1\2 in.) I was stunned as she had never gotten anywhere close. She kept this up, with an occasional swirl of the roundup around my tip. After a few minutes of this she took me out of her mouth a started aggressively stroking me. My cock had had enough and I was on the verge. I opened my mouth to tell her and she abruptly stopped before I could get a word out. I was now in pain not only from my distended bladder but also for my need of release. Elle pulled my sweatpants back up, they barely fit as is by this point.

She then pulled the drawstring tight. I gasped and doubled over shoving my hands around my dick but it was too late. Flood gates opened and they were not shutting. My sweatpants started sticking to me as a puddle formed around my feet. Shhhiiiitttt it felt so good. As time passed Elle started gawking at me, I looked at my watch and I had been pissing full force for almost 3 minutes. I started slowing down around the 4 mark and when I was done, I felt myself up and grabbed my dick. Two strokes and I came the hardest I ever had. I then began my panic as I just drenched myself in a public restroom. Elle laughed and laughed. She told me to stay and she disappeared. I tried to clean up the best I could but I wasn’t going to be able to destain my pants or shoes. Elle arrived back in the bathroom 10 minutes later with a fresh outfit and baby wipes. She helped me clean up before we headed home and began her hold.

