0 to 11 very quickly (with many pictures)

Author: SoakedScott

*000*2020-09-02 13:41

Doing a rapid hold that hopefully leads to a massive forced wetting.

7:36 AM. Just peed so I can begin. I have been hydrating all morning.

7:49 AM. Just finished a 28 oz sports drink. Nothing yet. 0/10.

8 AM. Just starting to feel it. At a 1 out of 10.

8:07 AM. Just finished 16 oz of water.

8:12 AM. Up to a 2/10. I can feel a bit of a buzzing in my penis and my stomach is a bit tight.

8:19 AM. Just finished another 28 oz sports drink, bringing me to a total of 72 oz since I last peed. Feels like I’ve jumped to a 4/10. More penis tingling, starting to feel pressure on my bladder pushing on belt.

8:28 AM. Spiking to a 5 out of 10. Filling very rapidly-it’s beginning to be very distracting.

8:34 AM. Getting harder to hold on. Hopefully I don’t start losing it before my wife leaves for work. 6/10.

8:42 AM. My wife was procrastinating about heading to work. I’m at at least a 7, and noticeably squirming a bit. She kissed me good bye-sheer torture holding it in.

8:48 AM. leaking. Badly. 9.

8:50 AM. trying to stop, not much luck doing so. The Urine is pretty much flowing now. My pants at soaked and there’s a puddle on the floor. 10/10.

8:55: Leaking and outright wetting has probably half empties me. It felt so good to be so out of control. Drinking another energy drink for round 2-another 16 oz

9 AM: can’t hold at all anymore. The leaks, trickles and outright pissing won’t stop. I’m flowing in my pants as I write this. Hard to concentrate.

9:03 AM. Normally when I do rapid holding, I drip and leak for quite a while and there’s a lot of muscle spasms. Not this time; there was nuts. My pants and socks are saturated. This absolute failure of my bladder is very arousing for me.

9:12 AM; I’ve regained control. Back down to a 4 or 5/10. I’ve changed into some dry, grey briefs and just chugged another 16 oz of water. Let’s see how long I last this round with no belt on.

917 Am.leaking already. Feels incredible to try and stop, but it isn’t working.

9:20 AM. Done hold. My clothes below me are massively irrigated, as the briefs I was wearing for round 2.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*001*2020-09-02 13:46

A couple of clips as well.

IMG_3220.MOV

IMG_3214.MOV

*003*2020-09-02 14:37

{{21 minutes ago, Wetsy said:

Nice pics and vids..Love the colour of the pants,,Shows the wet nicely..

}}

Work pants. Pretty thin-they show everything.

*006*2020-09-02 18:57

{{22 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

Great pics and vids- that was certainly flowing! Very envious that you can lose control

}}

It usually doesn’t happen like that. I normally tend to fight it for quite a while. Maybe writing it up as it happened distracted my concentration on holding.

*008*2020-09-02 19:09

{{8 minutes ago, Spectator9 said:

Your wife's delay in leaving would have added to the excitement. Needing to pee so bad can be arousing! For those of us that can lose control (sorry, Bladderlad), the struggle to hold it in - and eventually losing the battle - is a major part of the experience.

}}

While I imagine my wife’s delay factors into it, I think the fact I was taking in fluids heavily but peeing regularly-and then just putting on the brakes and holding-had more to do with it.

I mean, I’ve had to hold it in front of her without her suspecting before anyway.

