First accident I remember

Author: Always leaking

*000*2019-12-05 22:34

Hi all! Thought I'd share my first wetting experience with everyone this evening. Just also happens to be the one and only TRUE accident that I can remember.

So what happened was that I was testing in what I believe was the 3rd grade. And being the shy kid I was I never asked to use the restroom.... y'all probably know how this ends... soooo almost through the test I was DESPERATE as I've ever been. And as the teacher was reviewing my work (which wasn't great because I couldn't concentrate) I let out a little... well more than a little. ... like kinda a lot. Probably a good 4 or 5 second before i could get it under control..... luckily I was wearing dark shorts and all that really got wet was my underwear and shorts. Not the most " lucky" I know. But no puddle!

Soo.... I quickly ask if I can use the restroom.. yeah I didn't have to go all that bad anymore.... but I quickly went and I reckon no one ever saw as I walked out and to the bathroom Hurst about as quick as I could.

To finish. I checked myself out and cleaned up the best i could lol. To this day I doubt think anyone Ever found out. (It was close to the end of the day... like maybe an hr. Till 3).

So that's my first experience! Please reply what you think or message me! I hope you like it!

Ps this was a really embarrassing moment for me because i wasn't into wetting at this time.

*004*2019-12-12 20:33

{{On 12/8/2019 at 7:53 PM, NearNudeLayla said:

I had something similar happen whne i was a senior in high school. I was taking a two part english final and already had to pee (i decided id hold during the exam and drank a lot of water before hand as i was into omo since i was about 12 or 13). After finally starting the first part, i was pretty desperate and i just kind of rushed through it so i could go pee before the second part. I made it into the bathroom but as i pulled my pants down, i peed. After sitting so i wasnt peeing on myself anymore i looked at the damage. My panties were wet and there was a wet spot between the thighs on my jeans (which couldnt be seen that easily thankfully) and some drops that had sprayed into my pants as well but werent visible from outside.

It should be important to note thpugh, that at this time i wasnt much into peeing myself at all, but watching other girls and guys hold it and/or pee themselves. So when i finally finished and went back to class i was extremely uncomfortable.

}}

Aww:/ yeah I'm so glad it happened to me at the end of the day. Idk that I could've gone a whole day

