School Desperation

Author: Lordm

*000*2011-10-29 21:10

This happened to me in Year 9 of School.

The day started like any other, I sat at my desk, and I worked hard.

But we had a double lesson of Football for P.E, Halfway through the lesson we all went down to the common room for water.

I think i drank about 4 cups of water in our 5 minute break; we then went back up to finish our match.

Next we had lunch, so i made my way to the lunch hall, I quickly ate my food and drank a further 3 glasses of water.

I felt my bladder getting full but i ignored it, after all I only had about an hour to go till the end of the day.

I then went out to play football again for break; i went up to the water fountain and drank some more water.

About half an hour later, i was sat at my desk when i felt a heavy pressure in my bladder.

I ignored it and continued with my history work, but then i felt a small amount of pee escape my bladder.

I placed one hand over my groin to stop it but it continued to slowly flow until i felt a small puddle inside my pants.

I then raised my hand and asked to use the toilet; I then sprinted all the way to the bathroom and relived myself.

Thankfully no one notice the small wet patch on my trousers, and i avoided wetting myself in class.

*007*2011-12-27 18:31

{{ 

I know this might be a silly question, but for what reason did you not use the toilet beforehand? If you didn't want to wet yourself at school why would you even run the risk of it? xD

}}

Because i have always avoided public toilets, and i didn't realise how full my bladder was until it was too late

{{ 

Interesting!

I wonder how did the people didn't realize... or just how lucky u are lol

}}

The fact that the trousers were black might have helped

{{ 

Nice story, you sure do like to drink lots of water lol. That's a good thing..for the most part xD

}}

{{ 

Cool story, wow you drink a lot of water in one day lol, I generaly dont eat/drink at all in school, thats probably because my school serves horid food though lol

}}

My Average body temperature is about 3 Degrees higher than normal so i have to drink more water.

*009*2012-01-14 14:08

{{ 

^3 degrees you could just leave school then saying you're sick. Where I live if it is above 100 you can leave.

}}

Perhaps you misunderstood, It is always above avarage. So i would never have been to school in my life.

