Me and omorashi

Author: Rina Li

*000*2018-03-01 15:36

I've been a big fan of omorashi, ever since I was 8. How I learned about it is kind of strange but that is not the part I will be addressing.

I am going to busy for the this month so I won't be posting any updates to my stories till April ?. But when I do something else, I instantly get ideas for new wetting stories, so expect a spurt of stories in April.

Let's get to business.

Yes I was into omorashi. But not much in masturbation wettings or purposely peeing ,which today in fact I am not much of a fan. Desperation and bed-wetting were my go to videos. I never told anyone else about this fetish till date and I am slightly scared that they might find out. That's why I use trusted "Icognito Mode"! I used to search for wetting videos everyday even during exams (not in exams ?). My first omorashi video was a girl who has an appointment with someone who asks her something. She starts sweating, dramatic music starts playing, and she stands up with a big wet spot on her pants and says something like "I can't do it!" When growing up, I saw plenty of videos from HDwetting, INeed2Pee on YouTube usually with some other titles. I really loved the old Hand in water prank on Alisha(pronounced uh-lee-sha not uh-lie-sha).

When I grew older I tried several 'This will make you pee' videos and quizzes but none of them worked. I tried to do some holding but in the end, I went to toilet because it hurt so bad. I might have wet my bed a couple of times maybe slightly more than the number of night-time accidents an average boy had till 12(I'm a girl, incase my name wasn't obvious enough! It's not hard to guess which country I'm from either.) but never, I repeat never had an accident in day. I never used the washroom at school, heck, I don't know the condition of the toilet inside.

They were taps for washing our hands outside and inside the washrooms. I washed my face outside the washrooms. Even in my entire life I have never got into a situation of absolutely bursting situation in my everyday life. I found it strange that so many people have accidents.

I for a long time believed that you could hold on forever which lead to bursting of your kidneys and YOUR DEATH which would cause you to have an accident while dying. I felt that all these staged videos wetting was completely scripted. I thought they were initially peeing a little to relieve the pain and once they opened the floodgates, they started peeing till their bladder was empty or they could hold much longer but were peeing for the video.

However this week, I personally found the truth. I was almost bursting. I however did not intentionally start peeing like those people. I was lying down, with my full bladder and a spurt came out. Then another one and soon I heard a hissing sound, slight wetness and warmth. I was peeing involuntarily. I managed to stop it but a huge wet stain was on my yoga pants. I immediately rushed to the toilet as that wetting was only a demo of what might happen soon. I was panicking at the door of the bathroom like those in desperation videos at unlocking the door.

I realised that all that those desperation scenes were true about peeing however it's leaks then rivers unlike direct rivers in most videos. I also realised when couple of years ago that this intentional wetting was necessary to reduce time and get money which these people were not getting much. The more I learnt how important money is, the more I felt this was necessary. Also English while not my first language, I'm pretty sure it is way better than you'd expect.

Fun facts about my holding I found out which might be same for you:

1)When you drink excessive water, it will take less than 70 minutes to reach your bladder and you feeling tiny urge to pee and less than 220 minutes to feel at the verge if your bladder cannot take that capacity.

2)Exercise might surprise your bladder but if your used to it, it won't make you leak but it's going to make it harder to hold it.

3)When you are at the verge, if you stop thinking about your bladder, it might to lead to reduction in the strength your bladder muscles are exerting leading to your bladder to get a little bit of urine out which will lead to a flood shortly which is very-very hard to control without damage.

4)You can't fall sleepy with a full bladder unless intoxicated. Some people like me can't sleep at all if they drink too much.

5)When you pee after drinking too much and holding, it leaves you slightly dehydrated.

6)If you very regularly use your toilet without lights, only pee in the toilet when absolutely bursting and immediately as you enter and pee with full force regularly in the toilet and listen to water sounds while sleeping; the likelihood of you having a wet bed without protection on having a dream about you peeing in the toilet is significantly higher than if you did not do those things.

7)When you are at the verge of having an accident, a jumpscare from behind the toilet door when you are entering in most cases is enough.

8)Dandelions have a very funny relation with peeing. There are myths, that sniffing enough dandelions will to bedwetting. It's French name literally means 'piss in bed'. However that is definitely false and no I did not test that! Not because I was scared of wetting the bed.... but.... (think of a distraction...) I was incredibly busy!

I cannot explain how I 'know' certain facts because it's none of your business! (Someone must have a sea inside evaporating! Get it? Salty? Yeah that was bad). Also while I was typing this I was at the verge(If I only a yen everytime she said 'at the verge'), I started peeing in my shorts but I removed it quick enough before much damage. But my panties were soaked. I regained control but decided to just pee in it. It was really fun. My panties are washed and drying in secret. I just hope my panties just dry before night!

I sincerely apologise for watching those videos but I was a kid back then. Also I found some links with wetting videos that were definitely not free, so if you need the link to remove them please DM immediately. Also in future I might someone to do a post for me in Omorashi General not from my account of course. If you are willing to collaborate type '#CollabRinaLi' and once we can DM each other, I'll tell you what to do.

*002*2018-03-02 08:58

{{22 minutes ago, AD51 said:

One question I have is when you involentariy peed, was that an intentional hold or just happened? Because it sounds like you were taken by surprise.

}}

I was indeed surprised. I didn't think that we start peeing involuntarily after the bladder muscles can't take it any longer. Yes it was an intentional hold. Only one-one point three litres in less than 3 hours.

New hold:

I had another hold with a similar result: soaked panties and a wet spot on my shorts. You can almost tell when you are seconds from bursting! Eating spicy food while holding is not recommended. Made a mess in my room. Have to $$ clean it up.

Does it look like France or Spain?

10 minutes later I managed to clean the mess. The smell is a slight problem but I can handle it. Any suggestions on drying wet panties? I'm currently in my shorts without them.

