My ex boyfriend (and his multiple accidents)

Author: vaticanskank

*000*2021-07-07 22:52

Sooo. long time lurker here, guess it’s time to talk about my ex boyfriend.

Ethical disclaimer for anyone who cares: this guy (we’ll call him s) was aware of my kink from almost the beginning (of which more in a sec) and while he didn’t share it he was happy to indulge and play up his desperation/wetting for me. so i don’t feel so bad about putting him (anonymously) on blast lol!

He was a cis guy, i’m a trans guy, i’ll spare you long boring physical descriptions, but he was hot. really hot. anyway.

I have been blessed/cursed with a bladder of steel. all my wettings have been on purpose. haven’t pissed myself accidentally since i was in nursery school. but s, bless him, did NOT have a bladder of steel. he had a slightly below average bladder. like, at whatever point the average guy’s bladder gives out, his would give out maybe 30% earlier, if that makes any sense.

The first time this was an issue was the first time he had an accident in front of me. this was also how i ended up telling him about my kink.

We’d been going out for about three months, and we decided one day to go out of the city where we lived to a big country park about a 45 min drive away. it was very sweet, very romantic, we had a picnic at the top of a hill, did lots of smooching etc. i drove us there and by the time we were driving back it was late afternoon. the roads into the city were pretty clear, but once we got onto the main road the traffic got worse and worse- it was rush hour, after all. s had been pretty quiet during the journey, but i just figured he was tired. once we got into the city, though, he started fidgeting and moving around in his seat.

‘you all right?’ i said.

‘yeah, fine’ he said.

The traffic just got worse the closer into the city we got. soon it was so bad we were bumper to bumper, barely moving at all. s was fidgeting worse and worse.

‘are you ok?’ i asked again. i wondered if he was maybe carsick, or if he was worried he was going to be late for something he hadn’t mentioned.

‘it’s fine,’ he said, ‘i just- kinda need to pee’. he looked super embarrassed.

‘oh,’ i said, ‘well you should have said something. sorry.’

’it’s fine,’ he said again, but he had his hands in his crotch, and he was jiggling his knees. he wasn’t ok.

‘we’re nearly home,’ i said- and we were only about two miles from my flat. then again, we hadn’t moved in nearly ten minutes. ‘can you hold on til then?’

’well i’ll have to, won’t i?’ he said. i shrugged.

‘i dunno, i mean, you could get out and go-‘

’where?’ he said. which was a good point: we were in the centre of town but it was mostly residential buildings around us, or offices, or shops that would only let you use the bathroom if you were a customer. no parks, no cheeky side alleys. he was kind of stuck.

I looked around for a bottle, but there wasn’t one.

I shrugged and pulled a ‘what can you do’ face. it seemed bad, sure- he was clearly uncomfortable- but i figured he’d make it in time. we were adults in our twenties. adults don’t piss themselves, right?

Spoiler alert: they do.

The traffic inched forward over the next twenty minutes. he was fidgeting more and more, and every so often would say ‘shit. i really need to go’, or ‘fuck, it’s bad, it’s really bad’- and i would try to say something encouraging or whatever. but when we were about half a mile from my flat, he finally gave a little sob and hung his head.

‘i’m really sorry,’ he said in a small voice.

‘what’s up?’ i said, even though i kind of already knew.

‘i don’t think i’m gonna make it in time,’ he said. i didn’t know what to say, really- i was both turned on and overwhelmed with pity for him. after all, i hadn’t seen a (sober) adult wet himself ever.

‘i’m really sorry,’ he said again after a moment, ‘but i’m gonna wet myself-‘ and that was when i heard it. there was a hissing sound, and a little groan, and shortly after the pattering sound of liquid on the carpet. he’d wet himself. i glanced over and the wet spot was spreading down the front of his jeans and then dripping off the seat, a steady stream showing up on the light blue denim.

His stream went on for a long time, and when he was finally done, he started crying softly. i reached over and took his hand, and did all i could to reassure him that it was fine, he couldn’t help it, it wasn’t his fault, i wasn’t upset, no need to be embarrassed. but he wouldn’t stop crying.

We finally got home, and he immediately went up to my flat where he had a spare set of clothes. i let him get in the shower etc while i cleaned out my car (there was a huge puddle in the footwell).

When i came up he’d changed and put his wet jeans and pants in the washing machine. he was still crying and immediately started apologising when he saw me- so i finally just came out and said it, that i have a kink for this sort of thing, and that far from being grossed out or thinking he was weird or whatever, i was actually really tuned on.

Took him a while to believe me, but once he did he seemed to feel a lot better. we didn’t do anything that day, but he said he’d bare it in mind, and he was glad at least that i’d got something out of him being so humiliated.

And we didn’t talk about my kink again for another six months- when he had his second accident in front of me. if you liked this/want to hear more, let me know and i’ll add to this thread!

