A close call

Author: razor

*000*2016-06-13 20:52

I love watching omorashi but I've never wet myself deliberately or had an accident in adulthood, but I had a close call today which I would like to share.

My girlfriend was running late for class so I offered to give her a ride. I had just drunk a large bottle of water so I went pee before we left. Not alot came out and I knew about half an our later I would feel the water starting to fill my bladder. Well, my girlfriend's college is about half an hour away and about 15 minutes into the journey I needed to pee. I didn't say anything. I knew I could hold it until I left her but I felt like I needed the bathroom soon.

So I dropped her and tried to think where can I pee on the way home. It's all major roads so there's nowhere to pull over and pee on the side of the road and it's hard to find parking anyway. I turned left onto the road home only to realize I had made a wrong turn. I was now driving through the city, which would make my trip longer and to make things worse traffic was bad on the turn I needed to make to go back. I knew I couldn't afford to make any more mistakes or get lost but I decided to ignore the GPS and skip the backed up turn off.

Fortunately my decision paid off, but the traffic was still slow stop start traffic and I got stopped at every red light. I drive stick so every time I pressed the clutch it made things worse. I squeezed my muscles and let go and squeezed again to hold it as I drove but I wasn't sure if it was helping. It felt like I was pushing the pee as much as holding it. I was pretty sure I wouldn't make it the next 20 minutes so I thought about wetting myself in the car and getting it over with. The thought made me nervous but excited and adrenalin started pumping through my body and I started to tremble a little which made it worse. I felt like I could lose control at any moment. Then I remembered how busy the elevator at our condo gets at this time of day. It's only a small one and we know most of our neighbours. So I grabbed an empty water bottle off of the floor even though I had no idea where I could pull over to pee in it.

The traffic started to clear and I drove a little over the limit. I was very distracted and worried that I might run a red light accidentally and get pulled over. I would then surely piss my jeans waiting for the cop to write a ticket. I was about five minutes from home changing between relaxing my bladder and squeezing- still unsure if it was helping or making the situation worse, still feeling it every time I pushed the clutch. The traffic got bad again. Really bad. I took a gamble and turned off a side street that could take me straight home but I couldn't remember if there was a road block that would force me to turn back. Luckily there wasn't because I was about ready to burst. I thought I would have to use the empty bottle but there were people walking down the back street.

Finally I turned in to the garage. The parking spots are tight and take a few moves to line up. The stall next to me was empty and I thought about parking between the two and running upstairs but I decided to take my time to park properly. It was actually exciting to increase the risk so close to the bathroom and part of me hoped I wouldn't quite make it.

I live on the top floor and I decided to run up the stairs. I was desperate and I didn't wan't to get caught out in a slow elevator only to have it stop for someone else. If I wet myself in the stairwell I was unlikely to get caught. Part of me hoped the physical exertion would push me over the edge and maybe it did a little bit. As I fumbled for the keys to the front door I felt a small dribble down my leg. I raced in and undid my jeans and relieved myself into the toilet. I was relieved not to have to clean up. There was a small wet patch on the front of my briefs but part of me wished it had been much much bigger and soaked through my jeans.

