Testing her bladder

Author: Omo-G

*000*2011-03-04 22:38

This happened less than two days ago.

So this week, my school was having standardized testing, so they had that usual "drink lots of water, eat a good breakfast, etc." The test was really kinda short if you ask me, but most kids would have trouble with this kind of stuff. So I'm sitting there after I finish, bored out of my mind, and my eyes kinda wander around when I see it...

This girl I like is fidgeting in her seat (lets call her Maddy). She was a blond girl, with big full pink lips and that slight hint of blush on her cheeks. She was wearing a white tee shirt, not too tight, but enough to show off her "assets," and a pair of blue shorts. It wasn't too obvious to most people, but someone like me could instantly identify the cause. They had this policy that you can't leave the room until you finish your test, and her bladder problem was not helping her with the work, so she was in a bit of a deadlock.

After about ten minutes, she starts to wiggle a little more, and one of her hands was constantly below the desk, so I figured it was getting worse for her. Beads of sweat were forming on her head, and she was biting her lower lip. Eventually the time for the testing ends and they come around to collect the booklets, and she's barely paying attention.

The proctors were making kids go to the restrooms in groups since the other grades were still testing, but I was able to leave when I wanted to go get a drink. So I walk out and head for the staircase down to the floor with the restrooms, and I see Maddy, leaning against the wall and gripping her crotch with one hand and the rail with the other. By the time we both reach the floor, she's staggering at a snail's pace while I'm standing at the water fountain. I don't know what set her off, a loss of control, a stumble or the fountain stream (my fault), but she dropped down and that lovely hissing sound echoed around.

The puddle expanded about six inches in each direction, and her shorts were a deep navy blue. I walked over and offered her some help. While she went to hide in the girl's room, I snuck into the locker room and got my gym shorts, which looked just similar enough that you couldn't tell the difference unless you looked for it. I handed them to her, and she came out of the bathroom, stashing her wet shorts in her locker. Before she left she handed me her wet pink panties, calling them "payment" for helping to cover her tracks. I grabbed a water bottle off the top of the recycling bin and laid it next to the puddle to cover it up.

Haven't really talked to her much since it happened, but things have been a little less tense since then.

Sometimes these boring tests are a good thing :).

