A story from India (Part One)

Author: Roleing579

*000*2021-04-30 09:25

I had recently graduated and was on the lookout for a job. I had studied journalism, and I was hoping to land myself a job as a junior copywriter. Back then, I was 24, and was in a mindset to explore all possibilities. With the help of a few close connections in my social circle, I got a lead. It was a small advertising firm, based in Bangalore (a city in India). The interview went well, and I was offered a job with decent pay.

Boy, was I excited. The thing I love about advertising is its open culture. Firstly, no dress code! From wearing shorts/tracksuits to dresses that make heads turn, everything was welcome with wide-open arms. Secondly, the motto "work hard, party harder" was something that most people in advertising tend to follow religiously. Got a new client, party! A campaign was a success, party! Someone new joining, party! Someone experienced leaving, party! I am sure you get what I am hinting at.

So this company that I got into had a small team. Four graphic designers, two copywriters, one creative head, and two client servicing personnel. The office was vibrant as fuck. From graffiti on the walls to hand-painted illustrations to quirky captions, it was a dream come true for me.

After a quick introduction, I was directed to my workstation. Beside me was Radha (name changed), who would eventually turn out to be my girlfriend. Radha had been in the industry for a few years. She handled the agency's major clients. She was 5'7, slim, medium-length hair, black eyes, and was the kind of person who was easy to approach. What I mean to say is, she made sure the other person felt comfortable around her very quickly.

It's a common thing among smokers, the speed at which people shift from being strangers to buddies in the brief span of a smoking session is simply remarkable. That's exactly what happened between Radha and me. I still remember, she wore light blue jeans, a black shirt, a slip-on, very minimal jewellery, and what attracted me the most was, she had no make-up.

In just 10 minutes, we got comfortable with each and I gathered the basic information about her. She was from a state in India called Kerala. Her apartment was close to where we worked. And she was a hardcore beef lover. I am sure most of you can relate to this - when you meet a person for the first, and suddenly you have this strong intuitive feeling that this person is someone who will eventually get close to you... I had that moment. Somehow, I just knew that Radha was a person worth pursuing.

It took me lesser than a month to connect with people I was working with on a deep level. And in that short span, Radha and I became really good friends. Her personality and outlook towards life amused me. We were going out for lunch, exchanging memes, getting a lot of work done, and our special smoke breaks continued.

It was two months now, and I could find myself being attracted to Radha each passing day. It was not just her physical aspect, but her personality which appealed to me on a much stronger level. We had the same taste in music, dated people who were toxic, had very similar experiences when it came to life, and in general, we connected well. Not wanting to let this pass, and avoid the dreaded "friend zone", I finally decided to ask her out.

It was a weekend, and some of us were working on an important pitch for a new client. It was late afternoon, and Radha invited me for a quick smoke. We were up on the roof, and I just went ahead and asked her if she'd be open for dinner? At first she was unable to understand what I was hinting at, so I went ahead and explained myself more clearly "As in, a date". She requested me for some time to think about what I'd asked her, to which I agreed.

The next couple of hours was very challenging, as my anxiety got the best of me. My phone lights up with a notification, and it was her. "Let's go for a walk, and grab a cup of coffee" she said. There was this place we frequently visited, and it was a 10 minutes walk. While we were at it, she opened up to me about her past in detail. Explained to me that she had battled cancer, and was a survivor. Her family and she were not on great talking terms, and she had made peace with that. In short, what she tried telling me was this - there is a difference between loving a person and loving the idea of that person. The manner in which she communicated intimate details about her life with such ease simply swept me off my feet. We walked to the coffee stall as friends, we walked back holding hands.

"How about we ditch having dinner at a restaurant, and order something at my place tonight?" she asked. That moment, I knew I'd just gotten lucky. The work stretched for a few more hours, and finally, I found myself at her apartment. We ordered food, and the next thing I know, I was sitting on her bean bag and Radha on my lap. Years have passed, but that memory is still so vivid in my mind. We turned the lights down and sat in each other's arms just enjoying our presence. Eventually, we kissed, and off came our clothes. We made love to each other almost 4 times that night.

We were clear to keep our relationship private. Each day, we'd finish work and head back to her place. We both had been single for quite some time before meeting each other. Lust was strong, and we simply couldn't keep our hands off ourselves. After series of such nights, on this particular evening, we got talking. One thing led to another, and she asked me if I had any wild sexual fantasies. Now, the ball was in my court. I had to be smart, and truthful. I decided to go ahead and tell her about my kink. 

We were sitting on the counter of her kitchen that had a window. The view was nice, and it was our designated smoking zone. She was wearing a long T-shirt and a pantie. And I was just wearing my boxers. As we smoked, I asked if she was familiar with the term "watersports". She said no, and seemed a little curious. My heart was racing, and the anxiety was visible on my face. She noticed that and assured me that it was okay and to just say it. It took me a few seconds, and I lit another cigarette. Deciding to just go for it, I explained to her what watersports was all about.

She looked at me, and said: "So the idea of me peeing on you is your turn on". I have never blushed so much in my life like I did that evening. There was a sense of playfulness in her tone, which assured me that she was not disgusted. I continued to smoke and told her everything. I mentioned how seeing a woman wet her pantie was one of my huge fetishes. And continued telling her more about it in detail. Man, I was so lucky to have her in my life. She listened to me with a lot of interest, and told me that she'd never heard of such things in the past, but was happy to try it out.

I was probably one of the happiest men in the world that night. We watched some comedy for an hour, and she told me, that night there was no need to order food, and she'd cook for me. I helped her in the process, and while was marinating the chicken, I was chopping the vegetables. She had this mischievous smile as she turned to me, and said "why don't you go ahead and lift my t-shirt, I am guessing you'll like what you see" Every cell in my body screamed with excitement, as I did just that. My heart quite literally skipped a beat when I saw a wet patch between her legs. 

All I did was kiss her right there, and wrap my arms around her waist to bring her closer to me. She was pretty surprised as to how much that excited me, and said: "You wouldn't be disgusted if I pee right here will you?" My breathing was starting to get heavy, and my cock pushing its way out of my boxers. I nodded enthusiastically and watched between her legs without batting my eyelid. She said it was difficult to let go while I watched, and requested me to give her a few seconds. And finally, it happened. Radha stood in her kitchen, as pee trickled down her thighs, soaking her pantie, and ending up making a huge puddle on the tiled floor.

(This is Part One. Everything mentioned in this story is true and not dramatized even to the slightest. Do let me know if this is interesting, based on which, I will go ahead and share many many more experiences that unfolded after this)

*002*2021-05-02 07:20

Thank you

*003*2021-05-03 09:05

Part Two

(Thank you all for the overwhelming responses. It gave me the motivation to go ahead and write another chapter)

Probably it was during my early teens when I had seen a girl wet herself while we were out on a cycle ride. It was purely an accident, and she seemed very embarrassed about it. Apart from that one particular experience, I had not witnessed a woman wet until this point. The sight of Radha standing in a puddle of pee with a mischievous grin had gotten me very hard. "It feels odd to be the only one standing here wet, why don't you join me?" she said in a casual and playful manner. "We need to clean up anyways" she said shrugging her shoulder. I simply couldn't comprehend the fact that this was actually happening. From time to time, I would indulge in wetting myself. But it was definitely not a regular affair, and I had never done something like that in front of a person. I stood there feeling this new sense of excitement, and the sudden freedom of letting go in her kitchen was a little too overwhelming.

There was this silence shared between us for a few seconds, and Radha could sense that I was anxious. To help me relax, she cupped my hard-on through my boxers in the most gentle manner and kissed me. The smell of pee was strong, and I absolutely had no problem with that. Finally I found a person with whom I just could be myself. Her hand over my crotch only made my cock harder, so I asked her to not stimulate it further. I wanted to make love, and cum inside her and not in her hand. She obliged and stopped stroking me, but held her hand over my bulge.

I closed my eyes and concentrated for a few seconds. Why was it so hard to pee in such situations! I thought to myself, as I tried my best to ease my bladder. Finally, it happened, a warm spurt shot out of my cock, wetting my boxers and then her palm. She giggled like a small girl and kissed me again. Now that I had started the process, it was easy to relax. I closed my eyes again, and just let go into her hand. I peed probably for 7 seconds straight. When I was done, the puddle under us was pretty massive, and both our lower bodies were soaked in urine.

It was very clear now, I slid my boxers out of the way, and she did the same with her pantie. One position Radha loved was when I entered her from the back. Her feet was firmly planted on our puddle, as she leaned forward on the kitchen counter, giving me free access to her pussy. I loved what I saw, I couldn't help but spank her butt playfully, which she loved by the way, and I slid my cock into her pussy. She told me to go without a condom and assured me she'll pop a pill the next morning. In the last two months, Radha had I had sex a lot of times. But this felt very different. It wasn't just me who seemed hyper-excited. When I pushed in and out of her, her moans filled the kitchen. unfortunately, I couldn't last too long as I was turned on beyond measures. Probably 5 seconds into it, I pushed my cock deep inside her and moaned as I shot my load.

It took us a few seconds to catch our breath, and we kissed. Radha went to clean herself up, and I decided to clean our mess. The smell of urine is not all that exciting after making love, to be honest. But nonetheless, the experience was simply out of the world. The door to the washroom cracked open slightly, and Radha peeked her head out. She made a gesture with her finger, and I dropped everything to join her in the shower.

(Slightly held up with work at the moment, but I will continue to write more of my experience with Radha)

