Mission trip at a state park

Author: KitKatOmo

*000*2017-02-21 19:21

First and only wetting past childhood where I could not immediately rinse myself off (in the ocean, the shower, etc.).

To make it clear from the get-go, I don't like holding or being desperate myself, though seeing it in others turns me on greatly. That said, however, I look back on this with interest, and hope that you guys might enjoy it!

Another thing to make clear: my use of the word "desperate" in this story refers to the state I'm in when I would, if possible, run to the restroom, and I rarely, even now, get past that point if I can help it.

So, this happened about 5-6 years ago, so about 3-4 years before I discovered my omo fetish. I was on a mission trip with my church youth group. So far, things had been going well - I have a fairly weak/small bladder, so I was making sure to take notice of it and pee whenever possible without looking too weird (I was quite a bit more self-conscious about it at the time).

That day, we were cleaning up a state park: weeding, trimming trees, cleaning litter, all that. The first half of the day was great, I stayed hydrated and didn't really need to pee until lunch started. I used the park restroom and ate lunch, then used the restroom again before we moved on to the next area, which was a good 5-10 minute drive away.

Now, sometimes, after a meal, I'll pee and then very soon after have to pee again something awful. No matter what I've tried, I haven't been able to figure out what causes it or how to prevent it. It doesn't happen often enough to be a problem, but that day, I was hoping that it wouldn't, especially since the next area wouldn't have any restrooms.

Of course, that was one of those days. And though I tried to weed and trim trees and distract myself from my filling bladder, my legs kept shifting, my thighs rubbed together, and I just couldn't deal with it any longer. I'm no stranger to peeing outdoors from camping trips and such, so I asked the female leader if I could pee in the bushes a few yards away. She agreed, but came with me just in case. So I peed - and it was a decent amount, for a non-holder - and when I was done, I didn't bother finding anything to wipe with, just pulled up my shorts and panties and went back to work.

Now, this is where it gets interesting: I usually don't have to pee after the second one. But there I was, not ten minutes later, just as desperate as I was before, perhaps even more, because I knew I couldn't ask her again in case she thought I was shirking my work (and also because I was embarrassed at having to go again so soon, but, y'know). But I knew I wouldn't be able to hold it that long and still do a decent job. So I was faced with a decision: try to hold until I lost it, or try to pee bit by bit until I was empty.

The good thing about that day was what I was wearing. I had on a pair of my older brother's old gym shorts, sweat-proof and falling just past my knees. I also had on an old pair of slightly-too-small cotton panties, worn with the intent of throwing away afterward so I wouldn't have to worry about laundry. Another good thing was the location, and I was able to believably go a bit deeper into the bushes and work on another tree. I had great coverage. And while I was working, as if nothing else were happening, I let out a small stream of piss.

I was standing wrong and got it down my right leg and into my sock, and I immediately stopped at the contact and looked down, afraid. Fortunately, it just looked like sweat on my sock, since my piss was mostly clear. I sighed in relief and adjusted my stance, letting it fall mostly between my legs without hitting them. I did it in various streams to keep the too-loud splashing to a minimum, but when I finally finished, I felt completely relaxed, if a bit uncomfortable with what I'd just done. I wiped the pee from my leg and ankles and wiped my hands on my old T-shirt, then declared the work on the tree finished and joined the rest of the group.

As far as I know, no one noticed, though a guy did come over one time to ask me something mid-stream (that was the most terrifying thing I'd experienced at that point in my life), and later on I was able to rinse myself off with water by spraying a water bottle over me like most of the others were doing to cool down.

After writing this out, I'm tempted to do this sort of thing again, but alone, and in the woods behind my house...and with as full a bladder as I feel comfortable with. If I do, I'll be sure to wear something a bit nicer and write about it ;)

