First time trying pullups

Author: Juliet42

*000*2022-01-08 00:53

Hello! I’m a long time lurker, but have never really had the courage to really wet myself or get diapers, so I come to the site just about every day. And today, I worked up the courage to go to CVS and buy a nighttime pack of depends.

It started at about noon when I woke up. My bladder was full, but it wasn’t painful, about a 6/10. The thought of buying pull-ups came to mind, and for some reason today I was really determined to do it. There were plenty of times at my college dorm I wanted to buy diapers but have always been too shy, so I never did. This time was different, I don’t know why.

The only issue is that my parents have a ring doorbell, and me leaving at noon all of a sudden looks so suspicious. Then I realize that I have some old books I don’t want anymore that I meant to donate to the library, and just like that I had my perfect excuse.

I got the books and drove to the library with no issue, and put them in the drop off box before heading to CVS. I had to go a couple of days before to pick up some feminine products, and made a mental note of where the incontinence products were. So this time, when I walked in, I made a beeline right to the diapers to avoid being seen. I was willing to abort mission if I saw anyone I knew. Thankfully, I did not, and hurried out of there with my nighttime pack of depends.

I made it home easily enough, and I go ahead and slide a pull-up on. And let me just say, they were surprisingly comfy. I put my pajama pants over them, and you couldn’t even tell I was wearing a pullup. I highly recommend.

I go to let out the dogs, and I have to take care of things around the house before I sit in my room and lock the door. By this point I’m a 7.5/10, a little squirmy but not too desperate. I foolishly did not drink anything, because I was way too excited to do anything else. I had a dirty towel out that I planned to wash in case I leaked, setting it down on the floor.

This was uncomfortable. It wasn’t even that pleasant. I tried and tried many different positions, from standing to being on my hands and knees, to sitting, and I couldn’t really let out more than just a spurt or two.

About 30 minutes passed, and I was wet enough that it was making me all hot and bothered. I still had a decently full bladder, but the diaper I was wearing was starting to swell a little. Squeezing my legs together made my pussy twitch in the best way possible. I couldn’t take it anymore, I laid down on the bed and rubbed my pussy until I fucking came.

And holy fuck was that good.

After trying for a little while longer to let out my pee, and getting about half my bladder into the swollen padding, I decided it was enough for one day and disposed of it before my mom got home. I was genuinely surprised that I didn’t leak, because I honestly thought I was going to from the longer streams.

I’m going to try it again at some point, and hopefully you guys will like it enough to hear some stories I have from my childhood and college. I’m not as daring as the rest of you, but I feel like you guys would like it regardless.

Until next time, friends!

*003*2022-01-08 23:18

Well, then I guess I know what I’m going to write next!!

