First real pants wetting

Author: Nimerya

*000*2016-11-08 00:44

To start, my apologies if there's spelling errors in this post, I'm using my phone.

So today, my partner is at work and I had from like noon until 10pm on my own. I decided I wanted to try a real pants wetting, after holding as long as I could. I did my first hold and wetting last week but I only did it in underwear, so I was excited to know what it would be like in my jeans.

I drank nearly two litres of water over two or so hours. Around an hour and a half I had a decent urge to pee but it wasn't too hard to hold it. My mum called me on the phone so I was chatting with her, figuring it was a good distraction from the urge, and I continued to drink a bit more.

After more than an hour on the phone,I was having a hard time not whimpering. I continued talking, but I moved into the bathroom so I was ready at a second notice to leap into the tub, because I knew it was going to be a flood. I managed to hold on for another twenty minutes (the whole conversation lasted about 1 hr and 40 min). By 1.5 hours on the phone, I was pulling faces and squirming wildly, praying she'd stop talking soon. I was starting to worry that I'd have to let go while I was still talking to her, but I didn't want to do that.

Two minutes before we hung up, I'd started to leak a bit. I could feel that my undies were now wet, but I was struggling to keep my pants dry until I was ready. Finally she decided to let me go, because I "must have stuff to do", and I nearly cried with relief because I was seriously going to be unable to hold for any longer any second.

I gingerly climbed into the tub, trying not to let go before I was in. Once I settled, I relaxed my muscles a bit and immediately started slowly leaking. I felt the immediate area under my crotch wetting, but it didn't seem to be going anywhere. I squirmed a little and suddenly I watch a dark line making its way down my leg. Unable to control the speed of release anymore, I relaxed my muscles completely and sighed with relief as pee just poured from me. I could feel it filling my underwear and the seat of my jeans before streaming down my legs. It was so nice and warm and felt SO good (and a little naughty) to just let it out. More than half of my pants were absolutely soaked, glistening in the bathroom lights, and I could feel the warm pee pouring over my feet (I had left my socks on).

It seemed to go on for quite a long time, I was standing in a literal pool of my own pee, but apparently I wasn't done. After my stream slowed naturally, I pushed a little to see if I had any more and holy crap I still had a lot!! I think peed for an entire minute, all told. It felt really good, standing there, just going without restraint.

And yeah... That's about it. It was a pretty great experience. I do technically have time to go again before my partner comes home (I still have like four hours) but I'm not sure its good for my bladder to do it twice in a day. Opinions?

I've included a pic, sorry its not great, the lighting in my bathroom is terrible. I was so much wetter than the pic shows, but my lower legs were in too much shadow to get a good shot.

*007*2016-12-06 20:25

Thanks guys!

Sorry it took me so long to reply, its been a busy semester.

{{On 2016-11-08 at 10:18 PM, amberpee said:

Wow. That was a great story. Did you remain in your wet clothes after you wet them? Did you have a second wetting before your partner got home?

}}

Unfortunately no, I didn't do a second cause I wasn't sure if I should hold again. And normally I don't remain in the wet clothes, mostly because I don't really want to clean up any mess i leave behind haha.

Edit: Also, does anyone know why all my posts have to be approved by a mod? Are they all like that, or is it because I'm new?

