Peeing Pants Hypnosis

Author: clyde

*000*2020-10-08 16:43

I wrote a draft of this hypnosis to wet to, its meant to be read aloud by text to speech or even someone else, wanted to share it here with you guys. Would absolutely love if anyone sends results pics c;

Close your eyes and begin taking deep breaths in through your nose and out through your mouth, feel yourself breathing, in and out, noticing any tension in the muscles in your body, if you notice any tension, try to soften and stretch out, feel yourself sitting and breathing, feel the surface beneath you, its texture, how it holds you, is it soft? Firm? Feel yourself sitting and breathing, what do your toes feel like ? Your feet? Do you feel any tingling, numbness, ease? Now feel into your calves, sit and feel them, thank them for all the work they do for you, your knees, it is common to hold tension in the knees, breathe in and out, trying to release all the tension in your knees, now move up to your thighs, how do your thighs feel today? Feel where they meet your genitals, feel the warmth that is here. can you feel the tension in your bladder?

All of the sudden you feel it becoming very full. Think of how nice it would be to just let go and pee right into your clothes, to feel your pee soaking the surface below you, running down your legs. Feel how it feels in your body to think about doing this, the excitement, is there tingling? Can you feel your heart? Your breath may become more shallow, this is normal and can even be pleasurable when you are excited. Now I want you to focus on the texture of your underwear, how they feel against you. And I want to imagine how they would feel full of your warm wet pee. You are so relaxed, when I tell you to, you will not be able to resist peeing your pants. you have been holding it in for so long. When I say the word yellow, I want you to push a spurt of pee out into your underwear. Just a spurt, do not empty your full bladder yet. You have been waiting so long for this. Your bladder is now overwhelmingly full, you may want to squirm around to hold it in but try to keep still.

Take a deep breath in and out. Okay. Are you ready? Yellow. Good. Now feel the wetness of your underwear, how big was the spurt, how much of your pants are wet. You can reach down with your hand and feel the wetness if you like. Is your desperation becoming unbearable? Do not hold your crotch. Now you will let out 5 seconds more of your pee and then stop. Yellow. Feel the hot piss run down your legs into your clothes. You are being so bad. What if someone walked in and saw you doing this? Your pants are already too wet to wear them out, so you might as well pee all the way in them. I can see that you are completely desperate to release your bladder now, so count down with me, on 1 you will not be able to hold it and you will flood your pants and underwear with all of your pee. Are you ready? 100 99 98 97 96 95 94 93 92 91 90 89 88 87 86 85 84 83… 50 49 48 47 46 45 44 43 42 41 40 39 38 37 36 35 34 33 32 31 30 29 28 27 26 25 24 23 22 21 20 19 18 17 16 15 14 13 12 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1

