Phone call desperation

Author: Dwayne

*000*2019-12-07 18:54

I'm not good in speaking English but I'll try my best! This is a little experience I made with one of my internet friends. I considered this girl my best friend for a long time. She knew that I was interested in her bladders state, but ignored me 99% of the times I brang this topic up. She hated it and definetely didn't share my interest. One time it was different though...

We had a phone call around 6 pm while she was playing Final Fantasy. I tried to talk with her about topics that bothered me, but she certainly didn't listen to me because she was busy. During the call I heard her drinking from her bottle of water, but haven't expected anything yet. I've got mad because she was busy instead of talking to me and at some point I just said "have fun playing your games" in a sarcastic tone and hang up. Because I want to provoke her even more I texted her something mean.

After that we began discussing what went wrong. We didn't really fight, but I made her clear how disappointed I am that we finally have a phone call after months and she doesn't even listen to me. Meanwhile it was 7:30 pm when she asked me if I still want to phone with her and promised to not play her game. I instantly agreed and waited for her call.

When her call came in and I picked up her call I was greeted with a platonic "I love you!" which made me extremely happy. But what happened next made me even more happy. After a few seconds she added "Aaaaand I need the toilet!"

I instantly was turned on by this and couldn't resist asking her about this. I expected that she will hang up if I bring up this topic, but I had to risk it. "Do you have to pee?"

"Yes."

"How bad?"

"Very bad!" Her voice was a little shaky, as if she was really desperate to pee. I could hear her heavy breathing, which I could tell had to do with her urge because I never heard that before.

"But now you have to speak with me. You won't hang up, right?"

"No I won't!"

This is were my imaginary fun began. I really didn't want her to hang up and tried to speak about something else. We've talked about her game, and while she was explaining to me what she was doing in it she interrupted.

"What happened?", I asked.

"I need the toilet extremely bad!" (She never said "I have to pee" and always kept it indirectly)

"Aww is it so bad?"

"I'm bouncing around in my chair!"

"I think I can hear it between your heavy breathing.", I laughed. "Why are you breathing like that?"

"Because I need the toilet?!"

You guys can probably imagine how turned on I have been. This was my favorite human on world, the cutest girl I knew, breathing into my ear from her urge to pee!

She continued talking and answering my questions to her game. Meanwhile it was 7:55 pm, when she said "I will go at 8." I was a little disappointed that she wanted to end the fun in 5 minutes, but had the brilliant idea: What if I don't give her a chance to go?

I don't really know which topics we had, but when it was 8 I was hoping she would stay while I was talking with her. When I stopped talking for a moment she said "I'll go at 8:10."

Meanwhile everyone who could hear her breathing could tell that she was on the verge of wetting herself.

We somehow got into a topic that interested her and she kept talking, while missing her time to go again. When she stopped talking we've got silent for a while until she giggled. "I wanted to go 5 minutes ago."

"Aww now you have to wait. Can you wait?"

"Yes", she said in a rasping tone.

"Doesn't sound like that."

"Can I go now?"

"Please wait a little longer."

I tried to keep her busy, with success. At this point I could probably keep talking to her until she floods her pants. Her answers consited of only one word and she was gasping and moaning the whole time. I was in a dream .

Unfornately she was my very best and only friend I had, even though it was only online, and I suddenly felt bad about doing this to her. I really wanted her to stay my friend and didn't want to risk it, so I allowed her to hang up. This is where my awesome experience ends.

The whole thing stayed in my mind since then and I always wondered what would have happened if I didn't let her go. Now, years after this happened, she became a complete bitch to me and is ignoring me for months and I think, if this is how it ends anyways I could've kept her from going to the toilet back then.

Today the whole story makes me more sad than horny because it always comes with the feeling of a lost awesome friend I had, but I wanted to share my best experience to this community.

