Accident at the University

Author: Juliered

*000*2019-10-22 21:17

Juliered

My text is a translation of French by application!

I received several requests to explain my accident at the university.

I always liked to hold back!

I really like the feeling of a busy bladder and the stress of having to wait.

I like to wait, but I do not really like being wet!

I am also excited to know that some people understand my situation by seeing me.

I organize myself to hold me longer but with the possibility of relieving him before losing total control of my bladder.

It has happened to me that some things do not go as planned and that my body is stronger than my head!

But that's really not the goal.

This is how I found myself in wet shorts at the university.

We were in our second hour of afternoon classes.

As very often, I did not go through the toilets at the lunch break.

I arrive at the audience for my chemistry class.

My bladder is full but I can easily wait until the end of the class and also the 2 hours of the next class, before having to relieve myself.

So no stress and I enjoy the feeling of my bladder.

The teacher begins his presentation on the precautions to take with the chemicals around us, but also present in individuals ....

"I waddle on the bench and occasionally meet the legs!

I am not desperate but I like the ceremonial of the girl who has to pee.

This is one of my favorite moments when I hold back, but also when I look at someone who has to pee. "

Products that give us the impression of being harmless, but that mixed up can be really dangerous.

The teacher begins to show us, mixtures to avoid. The various mixtures make smoke, foam, irritating, toxic, ...

I'm not really focused on her class anymore, but rather busy enjoying my bladder that fills up slowly and my body asking for help.

I appreciate even more the moment!

I can see two lines in front of me another girl who shows ALL signs of an important need to pee.

This is one of the pleasures of staircase audiences! if in addition the place in front of you is free, you have a perfect view on the bottom.

She has her legs crossed and for a few minutes, her hand is stuck between her legs

She is in a hurry and certainly much more than me

I come back to my story.

There comes a time when our teacher mixes two products.

Boom, an explosion! It is true that for those who were focused on the course, it was surely more a firecracker than an explosion. But me, who focused more on my neighbor from below and my bladder, it was a really loud noise.

Frightened by this detonation, I jump and leave my thoughts to return to reality.

I begin to feel my cock become hot and wet! This wet feeling begins to spread slowly under my buttocks.

I immediately stuck my hand on my crotch and I regain control of my body.

I lower my eyes, I can see a halo around my hand, I can feel my ass really wet and I can also see some small wet spots on the concrete under my legs.

I wet my shorts, not just a small halo more or less discreet. I really pee, not enough to be really relieved!

Stress, fear, what to do?

There are about fifteen minutes of lessons left. If I get up, all the students next to or behind me will see my shorts (no luck, I'm wearing pink shorts).

The only thing I can do is wait until the end of class, quickly put my jacket around the waist and enjoy the exit to advance in the mass of students.

So I stayed 15 minutes in my wet shorts with a bladder that still wanted to let my pee out.

This period of calm had a really peculiar feeling!

Unlike what I had already seen or heard, I did not want to scream or cry. I was fine, the feeling of my wet shorts under my fingers was even nice, I even felt excited.

But when I thought at the end of the class, I felt the stress and fear rising in me.

I even took advantage of this parenthesis of calm to look at the tall blonde girl below!

But that's another story, that might be shared someday.

At the ring, I put my jacket at my waist to hide my buttocks.

And I followed the flow of students out of the audience and into the bathroom.

There, I hid in a booth.

I removed my shorts to dry as much as possible with paper.

I stayed the next hour in my hiding place to dry my clothes as much as possible.

I had to be able to pick up my bus without risking that the other passengers could not see my accident on my shorts.

I got home safely, well, I do not think anyone noticed my accident. My shorts were dry!

Sorry for writing, I'm not really good at writing.

