Desperation at work and wetting on the way home

Author: the-centaur20

*000*2022-02-03 23:00

So normally I don't try to make my self desperate while at work, I usually go whenever I start to get the urge but today I decided I would see how long I could make it while still drinking water throughout the day. I decided to have my morning pee at 6am. In the morning I had my usual coffee and a drink of juice, so a total of about 500ml. Then at work at around 10:30 I started my bottle of water and finished it at about 11:15 (about another 500ml).

I think I must have drank it too fast because by 12 I really needed to go I didn't want to wait any longer so went to the toilet. I felt disappointed in myself for only making it to midday, so I decided to see if I could drink more water in the afternoon and make it until I got home. At 1pm I refilled my water bottle and drank it over the next hour or so. Then I refilled it again at about 3pm and drank that too. So that was a total of one litre in the afternoon.

By 4pm I needed the toilet pretty bad, I normally leave work at 4:30pm and have to wait until 4:55 for the next bus. I was getting pretty desperate so I left work a few mins early and got the 4:25 luckily it was on time. When I was at the bus stop I was really desperate and almost went back to work to use the toilet but decided I should be able to make it home. On the bus I was getting more and more desperate. Bouncing up and down on the bus didn't help and I remember thinking to myself "I won't ever do this again". Every time the bus slowed down or had to stop I got more and more frustrated. My desperation growing every minute I was on the bus. I eventually made it to my stop, thankfully the traffic wasn't too bad and got off the bus.

I started to walk home (about a 15 minute walk). I have to cut through a park and normally walk along the path but decided to cut across the grass to cut a couple of minutes off the walk as I was now on the verge of wetting myself. I made it through the park and then there's a busy road to cross, luckily a bus was holding up the traffic so I quickly crossed. So at this point it's about a seven minute walk home and about a minute later I crossed another road, I stepped up onto the path and immediately started peeing for about 5 seconds or so while still walking. I then managed to get control of my bladder again, luckily I had thick black jeans on and thermals which I think managed to absorb my pee. I only had to walk past one person on my way home, a woman walking her dog, and I don't think she could see what I had done. When I finally got home I was quite desperate still so went to the toilet and threw my clothes in the wash.

This was the first time I have tested to see how long I can hold it in public. It seems I can drink a litre of water before I become desperate which doesn't seem very much. I might try it again tomorrow, today might just be an off day.

Anyway just though I would share today's experience with everyone.

*004*2022-06-30 17:04

Just posting a quick update, I did this again today on my way home this time I made it all the way just got into my flat and completely lost control about 6 foot away from the toilet.

As I was walking home i felt myself get more and more desperate. When I got to my street the desperation increased further, then as I was walking up the drive it increased even more. Getting the key in the door I nearly lost control, I then had open my flat door which has two locks, I was doubled over at this point desperately trying to get the keys in the right locks. I just got in and the door closed and my bladder was like "well this is near enough, I don't need to hold it anymore". I just stood there unable to move and soaked all of my work clothes.

