Fully wetting this evening

Author: Dr. Struggles

*000*2018-05-26 23:09

So this evening I was planning a hold and guess what: I turned my plan into reality

I started at about 3pm and drank some soda, energy-drink and water over the next hours. Everything went fine until 8pm when I started to feel the urge. I wasn't very creative at first on how to wet when I began the hold, but then I had an idea:

Let's do a "conventional" hold until I cannot hold it in anymore. When I start leaking (and normally i don't leak, I just explode) I am allowed to head to the toilet BUT I have to stop in every room for 10 seconds without grabbing myself. If I do otherwise, I have to start counting at one again. I may not go to the next room until i regained control...

So well: Bad plan ^^

I was sitting on a chair and held it until 9:45pm, when i felt my bladders contents pushing and forcing their way out in big waves. I had to stand up but barely made it for some seconds, before I started to leak. Regaining control was an almost impossible task, but I forced myself to stop leaking... at least for short.

So the task was on. I hesitated but finally put my hand off the crotch and started counting. The first room... 10 incredibly long seconds, that screamed at me that I wouldn't make it like it was a prophecy I could not escape from.

But... I made it... Next room!

When I was walking I could barely hold it in. So I took some baby-steps but finally arrived... another 10 seconds without hands, and I already felt like I couldn't even make one more second... Hands off the crotch!.... 1.....2.....3.......4.......5 Suddenly a wave hit me, and pushed so hard that i couldn't help but leak again... Intuitively I regrabbed my crotch and desperately tried to regain control... it worked... somehow... but now i had to restart....

1......2......3.....4.....5......6......7...... Big leak... again i was about to grab myself, but only moved my hand there without doing anything, since i knew that another try would not even last until three before i was fully exploding. I removed the hand while i was leaking and counted.... 8.....9...... 10!

I tried to regain control, desperately holding myself, but control (and that was in this case the optimistic word for slowing down the leaking) lasted for maybe two seconds before it happened: My bladder gave in and I was standing there, just looking down myself while my bladder would not respond to my will anymore emptying itself uncontrollably in my jeans and over the floor.

I was trembling all the time like mad. And I still do, while I'm writing this. Trembling, happy, relieved

Hope you enjoy

PS: I was very inactive for a long time, and overall I was rarely contributing. I love and enjoy your contributions, you all - the community as a whole - is simply amazing

I wan't to give a special shoutout to @Fangirl-wetter

. I absolutely love your contributions you've made so far. Not only, but also because of so many hilarious stuff that you (and that involves all of you) share with us, I finally made up the courage to also do my bit and recorded it. Sorry, for the bad camera work, for I was trembling and shaking all over.

VID_20180526_223123.mp4

