My accident

Author: Laura

*000*2011-07-22 22:06

So heres an accident that happened to me last year. (Warning: also contains pooping, but i'll have another warning for when that part starts and ends)

So anyways it was a warm summer day, and i had planned for it to be a desperation day. I planned to drink as much as possible, and try to hold it till the end of the day (and wet if I make it home). So i skipped going to the bathroom that morning, and decided to have 2 cups of orange juice instead of 1. Once I was done breakfast and I went and got dressed. I chose a pair of tight green pants, that would be great to pee in. Eventually the school bus arrived, and I hopped on. I already had to go, but it didn't hurt or anything and was actually enjoyable.

Once it arrived at school I went in and pretty much filled my stomach at the water fountain (which was my biggest mistake; to ensure the best desperation possible. Already I was a bit jumpy from the mounting pressure in my bladder, but I believe I have a really strong one and I wasn't even close to desperate. So instead I just decided to pass the time and hang out with my friends. My bus is always about 15 minutes early, so we got tons of time to talk.

However, it was then that I found out that today was a field trip. I seriously considered just running to the bathroom then. If I was desperate at school, I would be able to reach a bathroom at any time. But on a field trip, there would be a serious chance that I could have an accident in public. I soon enough found out we were going to the farmers market, so I sighed a breath of relief and hoped that they would have bathrooms there. I helped my friend finish her cappucino, and got on the bus.

I was pretty experienced with holding it, so for the 45 minute ride I was able to discreetly cross my legs with barely any squirming. It was when we arrived and I stepped off that I felt a spike in my bladder, and realized my desperation had begun.

We got to head off and do whatever we wanted, so me and my friends spent the first 20 minutes getting a general idea of the floor plan. A bit after that the pressure in my bladder was getting pretty high, so I wandered off in search of the bathrooms. It only took a couple minutes to find them, so I knew I'd be safe. I considered going to find my friends again, but I was really enjoying being able to squirm without being too noticed. So instead I went off on my own, and for some dumb reason bought a slushee. I finished it in minutes, and knew that it would soon rush to my bladder. I managed to control my squirming and met up with my friends again. Lucky for me, they also had to pee, so we decided to head to the bathroom.

Watching them squirm in line was really exciting for me, and one of them (who has a weak bladder) actually peed herself a bit. When I finally got a stall, I of course didn't pee. Instead I used this chance to hold myself to relieve the pressure a bit.... And masturbate. I stayed in the stall for quite a while, and told them I'd catch up later. Once I was sure that there was nobody in the bathroom, I went out and watched myself squirm in the mirror. Watching my hips sway back and forth and my butt go up and down got me so excited I almost lost control right there, but I had to as someone was walking in.

I actually managed to whole it for the whole day, though I did leak a little around lunch. It was about 15 minutes before we were supposed to leave that I realized I couldn't hold it any longer. I kept both hands jammed in my crotch, and slowly waddled towards the bathroom. It was then that my heart sunk; they were closed for cleaning.

I could feel a bead of sweat rolling down my forehead, and I felt another spurt shoot into my panties. This one was longer than before, and had made a wet spot the size of a cookie on my pants.

I was actually feeling sick, and had to lean against the wall. My friends came over to ask what's wrong, and I told them how I was about to pee my pants. They tried to comfort me and assure that the bus would be here soon, but I knew I wouldn't be able to hold it through the entire bus ride.

The bus actually arrived ten minutes early, which was as lucky as I would get. We all went towards it, while I slowly hobbled. About half way there I felt another sharp pain, along with a decently long spurt. This one soaked my crotch, and sent two little streams down my legs. My accident had begun, and despite the embarassment, I couldn't help but be turned on. I hobbled a bit forward, but stopped again. There was no way I would make it, so I decided to make the best out of it. In a move that would that would really turn me on and I'm sure a couple boys in the class, I swiftly bent over and moaned. "Oh noooooo! I'm gonna pee my pants!". This pretty much got everyones attention. To finish it off, I perked up my butt and swung it towards the group, and let loose.

As I began to wet myself, I began to fake cry (though it was almost real) "aah! No! I'm having an accident!"

The pee shot out at an incredible speed, and completely soaked my butt and all the way down my legs; leaving an enormous puddle beneath me.

I was in such a state of excitement that I also had an orgasm right there.

When I finally finished (after a good minute or so), more people actually felt bad for me rather than make fun. (Though I still had to sit on a garbage bag on the bus).

WARNING: AFTER THIS POINT CONTAINS PANTY POOPING

On the way back I was met with a painful urge that I had just remembered. I had avoided pooping all week so on the weekend I could record a panty poop video, but now a whole weeks worth was trying to push its way out. I started to worry; pooping my pants in public would be even more embarrassing.

My friend sitting next to me noticed the look of distraught on my face "What's wrong? Do you need to pee again?"

I blushed and shook my head. "No... I kinda need to poop."

She just giggled "don't worry, we're only 10 minutes away from the school."

But I was worrying. I REALLY had to go, and the pain was almost unbearable.

I tried to concentrate all my focus on closing my anus, but after letting out a little fart I realized I wouldn't be able to hold this either.

I quickly stood up a bit, and my friend looked surprised.

"Laura? Are you pooping your pants?"

I just frowned and cried a little "I can't hold it..."

Soon enough, it started to come out with a crackle, and my friend moved back in surprise. It didn't smell, but it was large and bulged out to be the size of a softball. I cried a bit and my friend cheered me up, but I didn't sit down in fear of squashing it. Getting off the bus I don't think many people noticed, but one of the boys made fun of me for it. When we got back to the school, I went and masturbated in the bathroom before cleaning up.

END IF PANTY POOP

....And that's my overly erotic story !



