Holding for February

Author: mousex

*000*2012-02-24 20:17

Hi,

There's this thing on some websites called no-fap feb, where participants abstain from masturbation for one month. This is done for a variety of reasons.

In my case I wanted to challenge myself and it vaguely tied in to my Tease/Denial fetish. Some even avoid online porn but as you can tell I ignored this.

One suggestion for self-control in a pinch was to hold a full bladder, on the basis that it would force you to focus on something other than arousal - and the pain would ideally stop you from going through with it.

Even though I prefer it watching others holding than for me to hold it myself, I was pretty sure that this wouldn't work for me. I gave it a go.

I had a few hours to myself, and had been chatting with a friend online about this challenge. She was teasing me gently, and I decided to try this out. I already hadn't peed for several hours, but I didn't really need to go. I started to drink faster, and switched from water to juice so that I could comfortably drink more. I carried on surfing for about half an hour before the urge really hit me.

It got better whenever I stood up to get more juice, but whenever I say down I felt really full. I wasn't quite desperate yet, but if I had been in public I would certainly have stepped up my search for a place to go.

I still had some work to do online, so I endured for another 20 minutes or so - rocking back and forth for much of it. Eventually I decided to get more comfortable and watch a movie.

I was about 11 on antifairy's yellow scale by this point, and... the whole "avoiding arousal" thing wasn't really working for me. It was getting painful, yeah, but I was enjoying the hold a lot more than I'd thought I would.

After maybe fifteen minutes of the movie - and having paid attention to none of it - both urges were so bad that I had to do something about one or the other. To avoid peeing I would need to hold myself, and that would break the no-touching rule. The dilemma was feeding right into my submissive site - it's a great paradox, and I encourage anyone into BDSM to attempt something like it.

I was shaking with effort as I got into the bathroom, and decided to run the tap for a bit just for the sake of it. It worked as intended, and I got even more desperate instantly. It hadn't been a very long hold, but I hadn't really done much of this before. I would have to measure, and hobbled out to fetch a jug. Moments later I was standing in front of the toilet with its lid down, walking on the spot as I tried to find the best angle to do this - I was still very erect, and it was getting more painful by the second. In the end I had to hold the jug in front of my at an angle and pee in spurts.

It was a bit disappointing, since my favourite part of this whole thing is the relief and I was only peeing tiny drips at a time before I would have to hold for 10+ seconds waiting for more to get 'ready' to come out. The entire voiding took about 4 minutes and was a hair over 750ml.

I was so close to masturbating afterwards, but my abdomen felt really sore and congested already - I couldn't face blue balls as well as all that.

