Stories from the orchestra

Author: deleteme

*000*2016-12-08 00:44

Hi everyone,

I play in an orchestra and I think there's where my fetish comes from, because stories like this happen really often. I've seen very desperate ladies waiting until their absolute limit and then running to the toilets after 3+ hours of a concert/long rehearsal.

I have a lot of similar stories to share, and I want to write them all here on this thread. So let's start.

Story 1 - Dianna

She arrived to the rehearsal with a very worried face. We played in an orchestra of youth musicians back in 2007, when we were still in high school. I was 19 and my lovely friend Dianna was just 18. She was a rather short girl, brown hair in a ponytail, had beautiful light-brown eyes, and she was coming directly from her high school, so she was wearing her school uniform: a cute green-and-red skirt above her knees, and a white buttoned blouse, whose buttons seemed they wanted to pop because of the size of her chest. Her top was always showing because the blouse was made of a thin fabric, and it was quite transparent.

It was 16:55 when she entered the big salon, where the orchestra was already tuning, and she dropped her violin, her backpack and a purple, almost-empty bottle of water close to her seat. I remember she clearly had to pee: it was too obvious by the way she was walking, and she even said it loud, but then, as she turned around to the exit door, one of our teachers stopped her and gave her a big bunch of music sheets, and he told her with a very strict face to do that immediately before the practice started. She tried to reply, but on a second thought she just had to desist and do as she was told.

She was the leader of the second violins and the rehearsal was about to begin, so she had no other option but to accept the papers and pass them to the section. She adjusted her cute school skirt a little bit, turned back to the hall and started to hand over the notes, with a face of concentration that I will never forget. She walked only with very small steps and didn't speak much to anyone. She must have been holding for quite a while now, because I knew she never used her high school bathrooms. This was not the first time she arrived with a full bladder to our practice: other days she also dropped her stuff and just ran to the bathroom quickly before start.

Then the conductor asked for silence and said we were going to start. There was a lot to do. Dianna went straight to her seat and quickly tuned her violin, and then we started playing. I was sitting right next to her, to her left side. She was sitting with her legs tightly closed together, and her back completely straight. Also, she was sitting at the very edge of her seat, and from time to time while we were playing, she would bounce her legs and squirm just for seconds before getting into the same position.

After ten minutes the conductor stopped and gave some instructions to the wind instruments. They played a boring passage, and then Dianna turned to me:

- Oh you have no idea how bad I need to pee.

- Really? Why didn't you went before the practice?

- Umm I did not had the time, the school bus just got here late and I came straight in to this room.

- Is it that urgent? -I asked.

- I've been holding since lunch!

As she said so, she made a really cute face and shifted her legs, crossing the right one above the left one.

- Maybe you can ask the conductor for permission.

- I wouldn't dare- she replied. -He's very strict.

She bit her lip in a way I also won't never forget, adjusted her position and kept her legs closed together again. Now she was bouncing her right leg constantly.

The conductor said tutti, meaning he finished with the winds and everyone should play. Dianna was a good player, but now she was missing some notes from time to time and she was looking really desperate. She tried to play with her legs crossed again but probably it was too uncomfortable so she had to desist. She didn't even know how to sit. We continued playing for another ten minutes, and then she turned to me again.

- Ahh I'm at my limit! -and she rolled her eyes and squirmed in the cutest way ever possible.

- Go on, ask the conductor already!

- Ok ok..

She then waited for a stop and lifted her hand very nervously.

- Umm Master, may I excuse myself to the toilet?

To my surprise, the conductor turned to her and said we had just started, and that we would have a break soon, so he directly asked if she could play along some more minutes, because she was really an important part of the orchestra.

- Um. I see- she replied. -I guess it's ok.

She was in a huge internal conflict by now. She just wanted to make a dash to the ladies, but she couldn't ignore what the conductor just said. She looked to me with her beautiful eyes, almost asking me what to do next, and I told her just to go. It was really urgent, the conductor would understand.

But she decided to stay a little bit longer. I had a quick look to her water bottle, completely empty, and remembered she said she was holding it since lunch. That was at least four hours ago! And I knew she never stopped drinking water, she carried that purple bottle everywhere, so she was really serious about needing to pee now. She was sitting in the exact same position, at the very edge of the chair, legs clenched together, one hand between them, and her back completely straight with her shoulders arched to the back too.

Her boobs were definitely going to pop that shirt button soon. And now she was constantly biting her lips, and I'm certain she moaned from time to time, probably to avoid leaking in her panties. She couldn't remain still and bounced her legs a lot, and I know she must have loved to grab herself with her hand, because she held it between her thighs and was moving it closer and closer. Her skirt was already quite out of place, way above the middle of her thighs, and she looked hot. Absolutely hot. She was a high school teen, turned 18 just in April, gorgeous body and on top of it she was so close to wet herself!

In a desperate last attempt she raised her hand again, and asked the conductor very politely if she could really use the ladies. The conductor turned to her, and since she now was looking hopeless, he let her go. It was 17:40 already.

Immediately she jumped out of her seat and ran to the door so violently that everyone stood quiet and amazed. There was a small wet patch on the edge of the chair when she finally left.

To this day, I still think of this, and of the way she was desperately holding to her absolute limit, with her underwear already quite wet, unable to contain all that liquid with her tired muscles. One more minute and she would have wet herself completely. I don't even think she made it to the bathroom without leaking even more. Those panties definitely ended pretty wet.

