Hotel fun after a long day of flying

Author: Trevor662

*000*2022-05-25 16:16

Last week I had a really long day of flying and delays. Our first plane had a maintenance issue with its flaps so we had to plane swap that morning and it was all downhill from there. I was on duty for a total of 12 hours and only flew 4 of my 5 legs scheduled that day. Life as a regional pilot, it sucks sometimes. And to make things just a bit worse, this was the start of a 4 day trip and my girlfriend back at home wasn't helping the situation at all by sending some naughty text messages in the middle of the day. I was feeling a little bold so for the last flight of the day, so long as it didn't compromise safety, I avoided the toilets all together. The flight went smoothly and when we deplaned and headed to the hotel shuttle, I actually didn't have to go that bad at all.

Right when we got on the van I drank one of their complimentary water bottles and immediately drank the two water bottles provided in the room and facetimed my girlfriend. After some long distance fun I had to go quite badly at that point. Usually when I have an overnight, and the hotel has an indoor pool and gym, I always like to head down there for some exercise, but that night I did for a different reason. My room was on the first floor so I put on my swimming trunks and walked to the pool trying not to look like I really needed a piss.

To my suprise, the pool was completely empty so as soon as I got my foot on the first set of stairs, I relaxed and relieved myself while wading down into the pool. I leaned on the side of the shallow end with my arms out and eyes closed while I felt the water getting warm around me. I briefly looked down to make sure I wasn't leaving a yellow cloud but the only thing I had to drink since lunch was water so it was completely clear. After I stayed there for a minute or so, I left and did my normal exercises and relaxed a little bit. With the pool still being empty when I was about to get out, I went over and sat on the steps and pulled my dick down my swimming trunk leg just so I could see the tip and made sure I was completely empty before I got out. I walked back to the room, took a shower to get the chlorine off, and went to bed early since I had a 5 am wakeup call the next morning.

