Wet at work

Author: Tomorashi

*000*2017-06-26 19:01

Yesterday was the end of a very nice week, with many unexpected opportunities of wetting myself. A log of the finale fourioso can still be whittnessed in the "Live Action Omorashi" topic, where I as well promised to deliver the story of why I could REwet my knickers at that time. But lets start from the beginning of the week.

At this time it was just the opposite! I am no one who especially dislikes mondays, and I like to start optimistic into the week. So, the weather was nice - it was a really hot week here, and I was looking foreward to see my colleagues. I share my office with up to four colleagues but it's a rather continual coming and going, so usually the week starts with some chatting every time one of them arrives. Thus working started quite fine, but later on my Boss showed up. Usually we do not meet too often, but this time he was just in the mood of chatting as well.

When he was about to leave, he just asked: "By the way, you know that we miscalculated some numbers?" The scentence pricked my ears. "No.....?", I responded. "But not the ones that are basis for my simulations, right?", I was hoping. But sadly exactly that was what had happened. Under other circumstances this would have been not a problem at all, but this time there was an important meeting on thursday, where I wanted to present my simulations and now their basis was gone. I do not want to bore you, so I skip the long hours of work and overtime, that I had to perform in order to adapt my work to the new numbers.

Until Wednesday. It was the hottest day of that week. After lunch all my office mates had a meeting, but they returned quite early as it was cancelled. I guess due to the nice weather. So they decided to make a day off, and left. Now I was alone in the room - kowing an evenig of overtime and frustration was ahead. Sometimes when I am bored, or stressed, or just feel a bit naughty, I intentionally let some of my pee drip into my underwear. I guess at this day it was all three of it. Mostly I do this at the urinal, so I can keep the most aromatic drops with me. I usually spill some drops in my boxers, then I pee the main part in the toilet and the last drops I dribble again into my undies.

I really enjoy the feeling of having slightly wet fabric around my privates, and most of all, I enjoy just keeping a secret to all the working persons around me. I guess it's a bit the feeling of doing something exitingly forbidden, that I enjoy that much. That day I was wearing some light grey boxers as my underwear. I don't remember if I put them on intentionally that mornig, or if it was just by chance, but the inrceasing amount of slight yellow stains, that I could admire every time I went to the loo, was increasing my naughtieness as well. Although - I have to admit - the colour was not that intense: As I said it was hot outside so I drank a huge lot of water. Maybe it was just me, knowing that there should be some amount of yellow stain.

Nevertheless with increasing naughtiness, and increasing time of staying in the office as well, I was wondering if I could at least do the short dribbling parts of my toilet tours still sitting at my desk. And as the work was far from beeing finished, I tried. It went well and I felt the familiar light moisture around my Johnny. Thus, apart from working I got playful, and increased the amount of pee in my panties. Eventually I realised that I was getting too playful, as there was a clearly visible wet spot on the fabric of my short pants. Now going to the toilet became somewhat risky, because even as the colleagues of my office were not at work any more, in the other offices there were still people around. I clearly dislike to force others to whitness my fetish, but on the other hand I really had to go. As I said somewhere else, my bladder is quite small, and if I drink a lot of water I have to go to the toilet at least twice within one hour.

Thus I was not sure what to do. Should I wait some more? Maybe it could dry a bit more... Or should I risk it. I decided to wait somewhat longer. But still - there was so much work left, and me being naughty was distracting by far enough! I could not afford to be further distracted by the raising pressure. So eventually I decided to go. With beating heart I managed to arrive at the bathroom - unseen. I decided to go into one of the cabinets, such that I could lock the door and inspect the extent of my little accident. Suprisingly it was not that big as I thought at first place. I realised, that it was hot enough, such that my pants were drying super fast. With eased bladder and reliefed heart, I started my way back. At the mirror I checked the outer visibility of my stain and it was nearly not visible any longer.

But the evening was still long. The downside of my relief was, that something inside myself said to me that if a stain drys that fast, then why not risk a bigger one. At first this thought was growing unnoticed inside myself, but as outside I could hear less people walking past my office it more and more catched my attention. But still I was not sure. The work was nearly finished and just needed some polish, so why not finishing fast and going home? As a compromise I finally decided to do a really big patch at the toilet. So I went into one of the cabinets again and sat down without removing my underwear. Just one big patch I told myself, when I started peeing. Okay a somewhat bigger one, maybe even a bit more. It was too much. It started feeling really great so I did not remove the boxers at all. The warm nice and wet feeling was all around, and I totally enjoyed peeing myself. Even when I finsished, I could still feel all the soft fabric around my privates.

It was so arousing. I realized that I needed to dry somehow, but still having in mind that drying in the air does not take that long, I just tried to remove some amount with the toilet papers. The wet feeling was too good to abandon my undies and slip into my pants without them. So I left them at place. After cleaning the mess in the cabinet, I put my pants back into position and went back to work. When I returned to my office and sat down, the stain made its way through the pants, and even created some patch at my office chair.

But I was clearly enjoying! Then the work was done, but there still was a clearly visibe stain! And - I told you - I like to keep private things private (okay omoOrg seems to be a different thing ^^). And going home by bike was by far too risky at that very moment. Thus I made the best polished simulation and presentation I have done in months until I could dare to return home. Still some small spots were visible, but I do not think anyone I passed with my bike did realise...

Thats more or less my story of how I wet my knickers at first place, I hope you enjoyed my report at least quarter as much as I did when I was in that situation.

By the way: On sunday I managed to keep my pee in my very first desperation session as long as my last self-set time limit. Than it sputtered out. Again in my light grey knickers! It felt so great as well. (I just could not add this to my live omorashi report any more - I guess due to the "newbie" restrictions of this forum.)

So long and thank you so much for reading,

Tom

*002*2017-06-27 19:40

Thank you very much, normally I don't go that far - so I do not know, if was really courage. I think it was more the hot day in combination with the stress that were just confronted with the nice and wet feeling, when it really started running. I cannot completely tell what happend at that moment - I guess it was more like an "intended accident".

Best,

Tom

