First Public Pants Peeing // Impromptu Spurting Game

Author: Nia

*000*2022-01-17 19:09

Welcome to my first post, and hopefully not the last!

Soo, I wasn’t really planning anything when I woke up today, at least not pee related. It was around 2PM, when I was getting together a list of things, I needed to buy at the store today. I was starting to feel the need to pee, and as the need grew, so did a temptation. I’ve never peed my pants in public *on purpose*. I’ve thought about it, but always chickened out before leaving. But not today! The walk to the store only takes me about 5 minutes, from leaving my door to being at the store. I live next to main road, but my apartment building is up a small hill and is hidden by a row of large trees. So, from the main road you can barely see the building, but the distance only takes 1 minute on foot.

To give you a description of myself: I’m 21 years old, and a plus-size/fat woman with big breasts and thighs (Describing myself like a damn chicken, lol). I have shoulder length kinda-curly hair and glasses. I got dressed into black panties, a pair of jeans, which used to be black but has been washed grey, and a dark sweater. I don’t like being cold, heh. Finally, I put on a pair of black/white sneakers and my long black winter coat, that stops right around the knees. It made feel safe that the spurts wouldn’t be visible to anyone passing by.

To avoid chickening out while walking, I put a small pad in my underwear. Nothing that would hold much, but it would help me get the spurts started. If I didn’t have to worry about leaking from the very first spurt, hopefully it would be easier for me to *keep* spurting. To make it a bit more fun - and to force myself to do it - I decided to make it a game. Every time I saw a red car = 1 spurt. I wasn’t expecting this to mean any more than maybe 3-4 spurts, since it’s not *that* common to see red cars driving around here.

The road ended up being pretty busy, because I didn’t end up leaving until around 4PM. I walked out of the door and looked at the parked cars to see if there were any red cars: nope. The walk to the store ended up being rather uneventful, simply because I got distracted by a cute dog and forgot about the whole thing, whoops. I did remember once I entered the store! Now, I hadn’t seen any red cars, but I wanted to pee my pants at least a little. I needed to pee a good amount, but my bladder wasn’t a huge fan of me doing so away from home. I walked over to the detergent isle with the toilet paper, heh, and just stood there and focused on relaxing my bladder. It took a moment, but a spurt came out. I knew it would just be absorbed by the pad, so I relaxed a little more and did two small spurts. I walked around the store a bit more, but still felt pretty safe the pad had it under control.. that just wouldn’t do, would it?

I went back to my little ‘pee-spot’ at the detergent isle and relaxed again. This time I did four pretty large spurts, and I could feel the warmth leak a bit into my pants. I started walking, and I could my now moist thighs rubbing against each other. This made me panic a little, so I grabbed the last thing I needed and paid for it. After I left the story, I had calmed down a bit and wanted to do some more spurts. 

And let me tell you, the red cars came running (well, driving). Within the first minute of having left the store and walking by the road, I counted 3 red cars and another one parked by a house. Unfortunately, my little scare at the store meant my bladder was refusing to relax, and I couldn’t get my bladder going again. I kept counting the red cars that appeared as I walked home, still unable to relax enough to actually pee. As I got away from the main road and closer to my apartment, I just completely stopped and tried to relax. I stood there for about 3 minutes, before I gave up and walked the last few steps home. Now, I mentioned earlier that there were no red cars parked when I left. When I rounded the corner and saw the parked cars, there were now THREE red cars parked. WHERE DID THEY COME FROM?? I went up into my apartment, having in total counted 8 red cars on my way back.

I made a new plan - to wait until it became dark and then go for a walk by the road. I drank two bottles of water and watched some YouTube until it was a little past 6PM, and it was completely dark outside my windows. I got my long coat on again, and off I went. It was a lot easier for me to get started now, feeling quite brave in the darkness, though the cars and streetlights meant it wasn’t really all that dark. I spurted twice when I stopped by the road and looked around. I felt it heat up in my crotch, and is there really a better feeling than that when you’re out in the cold? I started walking, trying to relax enough to spurt without stopping. I tried this for a good 10 minutes, but with no success. I was getting a bit bored now but had met another 3 red cars and so now I was 8 spurts behind - this was involving a lot more math than intended, lol.

I wasn’t very good at stopping to spurt, and I was getting a bit bored.. So, I of course added to the challenge. Despite just following the sidewalk, I have to cross a fair few traffic lights. I made the rule that, if I came to a traffic and the light was green, I had to pause at the other side and do one spurt If the light was red, I had to do two spurts while waiting. When doing these spurts, I would usually do one or two more, so I at one point only was 5 spurts behind. The reason the number didn’t get lower, is because I kept see red cars. HOW?? After about 20 minutes, I decided to cross the street and go back home. This gave me long stretch without any traffic lights, and I ended up being 11 spurts behind. So, I said fuck it. At the next traffic light, it was red, and I chose to do 5 spurts.

The heat was still amazing, and I could feel it spread down my inner thighs, which was soo hot. As I got closer to being home, I got braver and the warmth in my crotch didn’t really get a chance to go away. As I walked up the hill, I would stop every few steps, and do two spurts, and then immediately start walking. As I reached my apartment door, I decided to do two spurts outside the entrance door, two spurts after I got in through the door, two spurts when I got to my door and then two spurts after entering my apartment. I thought I felt pee running down my leg, but when I took my jacket off and looked, it really wasn’t *that* noticeable. From the front, you could clearly see the wet spot, but it didn’t even reach mid-thigh - and from the back, you couldn’t see it. A bit disappointed I didn’t do more ‘damage’, but I most definitely have to repeat this. Maybe tomorrow?

Little bonus: While typing this, I’ve been sitting on towel on my chair and spurting here and there, re-heating my pants. A girl gotta do, what a girl gotta do~

I *might* add some pictures that I've taken, but not quite sure if I feel brave enough to that on my first post. :s

