My First Public Accident

Author: Red Head

*000*2017-01-26 04:22

This is a story that happened on New Years day. My fiance and I had hosted a few friends for new years and ended up incredibly drunk the night before. Wasn't a problem for me, as I have never gotten a hangover. At very worst, I get a mild headache. My fiance, however, ended up staying in bed the entire day miserably sick.

I got up much earlier than I had intended, and used the bathroom first thing when I got up. After that, I drank two glasses of water and a cup of coffee trying to rehydrate. It wasn't long until my bladder made itself known. Instead of going then, I decided to try and hold for a bit. I drank another glass or two of water and when I started fidgeting, I decided to go out so I didn't disturb my fiance moving around.

Lately I've been on a crafty organization kick and have been trying to bullet journal. It's really been helping me be more productive on days where I'm not working, though I tend to ignore it on days I work. I decided I would go to the craft store a town over and try to find some nicer stickers to add in. By the time I got to the craft store I was sore from holding, and I was almost dancing as I tried to focus on stickers. After a few it settled enough I could check out and then tried to decide where to go.

Initially my idea was to go to a park nearby, however that was quickly shot as I noticed kids playing there. Somehow it didn't dawn on me that hardly anyone was at school or working until then. I drove around idly unsure where to go, finally deciding to drive home. On the way home, I noticed that Walmart was surprisingly not that busy. As my bladder was once again back with a vengeance, I decided to go inside and pick up a few things. I found myself squirming and unable to stand still as I shopped. I felt a big leak and resolved to head to the restroom immediately after checking out. Unfortunately (or maybe fortunately as the case may be!), the ladies room was closed for cleaning.

I had parked rather far away and practically sprinted back to the car, quickly throwing things in the back seat. I stood next to my car with the drivers door open, trying to decide if I could make it home or if I should go back inside. That was when I burst. Streams of pee quickly started gushing down my legs even as I tried to regain control. It was my first public accident. It was freezing out but as the hot pee gushed out uncontrollably, my entire lower body was extremely warm. I marveled at the puddle around me and quickly dug out a blanket I keep in the backseat, tucking it under me so I could drive.

It didn't take long to realize I would have to figure out how to explain this to my fiance. At that point I hadn't yet told him about my fetish. Almost as soon as I had turned the car on, he texted asking when I'd be home. I quickly texted back it wouldn't be long and offered to make him dinner. After hesitating a moment, I added that apparently alcohol weakens my bladder for awhile after and I had wet myself. He made sure I was okay and when I got home, even though I embarassedly told him I needed to clean up and to go away, he stuck around to say that it wasn't a big deal. Honestly, the way he reacted that day is what convinced me to tell him later on.

All in all, a very interesting new years! It was only a few hours but it helped me realize it was time to talk about what I was feeling. Now, we've started playing around a little, and it's nice to start figuring out what I enjoy or don't with him.

