A Mutual Interest? (Male & Female)

Author: zpqmzpqmzpqm

*000*2017-11-24 03:49

A few months back, I wrote about an experience with one of my best friends, Samantha (in "A Walk With a Friend"). She has never been shy, but she surprised me by ducking into an alleyway to relieve herself – right in front of me – while we were walking around town. Since, we've joked about the incident on numerous occasions and I bring it up fairly often, trying to subtly test whether or not she has an interest in pee-related fetishes. Despite my efforts, I've never gotten anything out of her that leads me to more than mild suspicions – until today.

This past weekend, we were at a local Thanksgiving-themed wine festival, enjoying the moderate weather and each other's company. We arrived pretty early and meandered around for the better part of the day. We each sampled some of the local drinks, but neither of us drank enough to even became tipsy. I, however, had been drinking water throughout the day and nature called several hours in. We found the bathrooms, but by then, a sizable line was forming. Being a guy, that was no big deal. I found a secluded area in the woods, away from the bulk of the activity, behind some pines which, unlike the rest of the trees, obviously hadn't shed their coverage for the winter. 

I told her I'd be right back, stepped behind the trees, ensured nobody could see anything, undid my jeans, flipped out my penis, and began to do my business. I wasn't absolutely desperate, by any means, but I had to go pretty badly. I silently sighed with relief as my pee arched before me and pattered gently onto the fallen leaves. I had barely begun when I jumped, startled to hear footsteps behind me. My stream weakened as I turned my head urgently, only to see Samantha making her way toward me.

"I hope you don't mind," she said with a bit of an embarrassed smirk, "I really need to go, too."

"Uhm, okay." I replied, shocked.

"No need to stop on account of me!" she laughed, noticing my difficulty maintaining a steady stream as she stepped beside me.

Having finally fumbled for my words, I teasingly shot back, "What can I say? I have some pee shyness. I'm not used to an audience," referencing our last pee encounter.

She laughed and told me to shut up as she pulled her jeans and panties to her ankles and popped a squat. "This show's not for free," she laughed, glancing up at my penis, which was quickly stiffening, making the task of relieving myself even more challenging.

I laughed and continued trying to force urine out, with limited success. There was no use to attempting to conceal the erection I was developing. There it was, in all its glory, right before her eyes. She giggled and asked if I were getting excited. I don't recall what I said in response. Soon, she was unleashing her own much more successful torrent of pee between her legs, which pooled on the leaves and streamed into the dirt. This made matters even harder for me – literally and figuratively. We were quiet for a minute, both enraptured by the other's plumbing as we emptied our bladders. Finally, I managed a weak stream, but she still teased,

"Need some help there?"

"What, you wanna shake it for me, too?"

"Ew, no, then we'd have a bigger mess."

We laughed. She finished up before I did, despite starting after. She rummaged around in her purse, retrieved a tissue, wiped herself, and tossed it in front of her.

"C'mon, slowpoke!" she taunted as she pulled her panties and jeans up, still clearly enjoying the show.

Finally, the contents of my bladder came to a spurting end and I gently shook my hardware dry.

"Hawwwwt." she cheered. I felt my face turning red, but secretly appreciated it.

We made our way back to the festival, laughing to ourselves frequently throughout the rest of the day until we finally headed home. I never asked her specifically if she's into pee (I'm fearful of the awkward situation that could lead to, given the taboo nature of this interest), but I'm getting strong vibes we may have a mutual interest we're finally discovering in each other after years of friendship. On the other hand, I suppose it could be that she is even less bashful than I originally thought, or that she was simply feeling particularly horny that afternoon. Anyone have any input?

