Carole's Long Walk

Author: capsante

*000*2017-08-09 17:46

About 30 years ago I worked in the student affairs office of a large university. We had about a dozen counselors in the office and about 15 support staff. As was typical for the time all but one of the counselors was male and the support staff was all female, mostly young women in their late teens, early twenties. Most of them were very attractive, at least to a guy in his late twenties. The Executive Secretary was around 30 and perhaps because she was older than most of the women she wore some of the sexiest clothes in the office. Carole had great legs and showed them off with very short skirts, which when she was sitting at her desk, often revealed the dark tops of her pantyhose to those of us that passed by; which I made a point of doing as often as possible. Her breasts were not large but she made the most of what she had, usually with somewhat sheer shirts, unbuttoned to just above her cleavage.

Carole often flirted with me and I knew she would like me to respond and ask her out, but thus far I had resisted because I didn’t want to get involved with someone I worked with. Quite often a group would go out for beer after work and I enjoyed those evenings very much, but always kept it to a group outing. One day a group of about 7 or 8 people decided to go for beer after work on a Friday evening. Carole and I ended up sitting next to each other on the inside of a large booth. During the next two hours we all ordered pitchers of beer. I was surprised at how many glasses Carole was drinking. I began to wonder when she would need to pee and how she would handle it. Would her body language show her growing need? Would she tell me that she needed to pee or would she simply ask me to let her out of the booth?

Another 30 minutes went by and indeed her body language started to get my attention. She shifted her position quite often. Although there wasn’t room under the table to comfortably cross her legs they were pressed tightly together and her squirming was causing her skirt to ride up her thighs. She often glanced in the direction of the restroom and I was sure she was reaching the point where she would have to excuse herself in some way.

After another few minutes people were finishing their drinks and I suggested to Carole that we go for a walk when we finished. She eagerly agreed and we drank our remaining beer as everyone got up to leave. Carole and I were last out of the booth and the others were heading toward the front exit and the restrooms. I was sure Carole would use the restroom on our way out; since it was right by the door she would be able to do so without appearing anxious. So, hoping to force her into admitting her need to pee I said “let’s go out this side entrance so no one invites themselves along for the walk.” As I spoke I started toward the side entrance so that Carole would have to call out that she needed the restroom before we left. Perhaps because there was a table full of college-age men right next to us she decided to follow me and not say anything. When I reached the door and turned around I realized that she had taken some time to make that decision as she was over 10 feet behind me.

When Carole caught up to me I immediately told her how happy I was that she wanted to walk. I continued talking so that she would have to interrupt if she wanted to return to the bar. She said nothing and we began walking through a residential area that bordered the University campus. Carole looked very uncomfortable and as we walked I saw her glancing to her right several times whenever we passed a University building in the distance. I expected her to suggest that we detour to one of the buildings to find a restroom but she didn’t, either embarrassed or reluctant to interrupt our pleasant walk, which was the first time we had ever been together without other people around.

Although I tried to walk slowly it wasn’t much longer until we would reach the River Road. At that point going right would take us to the University hospital and other buildings and going left would take us to a gas station in a few blocks. By the time we got there I was sure that Carole’s need was growing quickly. When we had to stop for traffic before crossing the River Road to the sidewalk along the river she had been unable to stand still. When we reached the sidewalk she looked to the right toward the hospital.

At this point there were some steps that went down to the river and a large student parking lot. I said “let’s go down to the river – there is a path that goes under the bridge a short way down the river and then we can come back up to the road and I’ll show you where I live.” It was obvious that there would be no restroom down by the river. Without a seconds hesitation Carole said “let’s go down to the hospital first; I’d like to use a restroom before we walk.” She gave me an embarrassed smile despite sounding very casual and unconcerned.

Hoping to force her to admit it was urgent I countered with the suggestion that we just go my house first and use the bathroom, and then walk down to the river later if we wanted to. She hesitated long enough that I took the chance of taking her hand and started to walk in the other direction and again she began walking with me. We reached an intersection where I could stay on the River Road, which was the shortest way to my house, or take a triangular route that would add twenty minutes to the walk. I crossed the River Road again and took the street away from the river, hoping that Carole wouldn’t’ realize what I had done.

After a few minutes I was beginning to wonder if I had misjudged the situation because Carole seemed fine now. We walked in silence and I thought about how my own desperation often played out. I would become increasingly uncomfortable until I reached the point of feeling that I had to relieve myself immediately. Then that feeling would subside and I would feel almost comfortable again for a short time, after which my bladder would suddenly feel like it was filling rapidly again. At this point I really would have to pee very soon or I would actually start to dribble, unable to control myself any longer. I wondered if Carole was going through the same thing. Although she had seemed fine when we turned off the River Road, now, four blocks later, she was breathing erratically through her mouth and her hands were clenched into fists.

There was a really small convenience store at the end of the block and I didn’t think that they had a customer restroom, but I wasn’t sure. Carole looked at the store but didn’t say anything and I breathed a sigh of relief; she would have to hold on.

We walked another two blocks and came to a traffic light telling us to wait. We could have turned right at this point but I wanted to prolong Carole’s ordeal and stood patiently waiting for the light to change while Carol stood alternating crossed legs with a quick shift from foot to foot….The light finally changed and after crossing the street I turned to the right and then finally came the admission she had avoided for so long. She put her hand on my arm and said “How much farther is it to your house? I have to go to the bathroom really, really bad.”

I told her it was only down to the end of the block, across a footbridge over the freeway and one more block. The “block’ we were on was obviously about three city blocks long through residential houses and Carol looked truly panicked. She had one hand on her bladder the other hand rubbing her thigh. There was a church school at the end of the block and when Carole saw it she said “What’s that building?”

“I don’t know. I think it’s a school of some kind.” I was sure it wasn’t a building that would be open at this time of the evening and I was tempted to suggest we go and check if they had a restroom but I was afraid that if we went over there Carole would realize that we had taken a long route to my house instead of just walking down the River Road where the building was located. We continued to the footbridge over the freeway and as we reached the footbridge she stopped suddenly. She had both hands on her bladder now and I wondered if she was about to grab her crotch. “Oh god, Tom, I have to go something awful.”

I held onto her arm as we climbed the steps to the footbridge. Carole was obviously in extreme distress, barely able to walk. We reached the end of the bridge and went down the steps. “Which house is yours?” she pleaded. The third one” I replied, which meant it was the one at the end of the block. Carole immediately started a half run for a few steps and quickly stopped looking at me with an embarrassed smile.

We turned down the path to my door and I took the keys out of my pocket and hid them in my hand. Carol ran up the three steps to the door and I put my briefcase down on the steps, pretending to look for my keys while I watched her standing bent over in front of the door, hands her thighs, whimpering as she pleaded with me to hurry. I went to the door to open it and Carole asked “Where is your bathroom?”

“Straight through this door and to the left.” Carole rushed through the door into the living room. As soon as she was in front of me I wondered if she had grabbed her crotch. I told her the bathroom was to the left, down the hallway. She turned left immediately toward the dining room. ”No, not there, this way” I said as I walked a few steps forward to the hallway. Carole now had to turn back and come towards me. She wasn’t holding herself and her skirt wasn’t wet. When she reached the hallway her breathing was ragged; she was gasping with the effort of holding her pee.

She grabbed the bathroom door which was held in place by an old fashioned rubber door stop. Looking down to see what the problem was she started to kick frantically at the doorstop. When she finally dislodged it she just ran into the bathroom pulling the door half closed behind her. The toilet was out of sight of the door but almost immediately I could hear her pee gushing into the water. She couldn’t have had time to pull down her tights and panties before completely losing control. As soon as she started peeing she let out a long sigh of immense relief which I enjoyed almost as much as the sound of her pee hitting the water.

When Carole came out of the bathroom she looked extremely embarrassed but her skirt and her tights were dry, much to my disappointment. I had two more desperate experiences with Carole but, again, neither of those resulting in her wetting herself. In all these experiences I think I could have delayed her longer but for some reason I didn’t.

*003*2017-08-11 02:48

I'll write up the other two experiences but I don't remember the details as well as I do with this encounter. I don't think she realized I was deliberately delaying her, at least she never gave me any indication that she did.

