Weekend away with my girlfriend (lesbian)

Author: aveomo

*000*2016-08-13 22:42

Lately i have been thinking about writing down some of my experiences with my ex, i dated her for 3 and a half years, freshman year till halfway through my senior year of high school. ill have more stories about how everything led up till around this story and stuff but this is the one i want to write about most. (i am writing this on my cell, so sorry for any mistakes)

It was the summer between our junior and senior year of highschool, sarah had been my girlfriend since the beginning of freshman year. We first met in gym class and had become close friends, ill write more about how we came to where we are and about other experiences and such soon (as i am extremely busy lately)

To really start things off, my name is Avery, im 5'8, runner's build (i used to run cross country for school, and track) and i've been mostly bisexual since around 7th grade. I didn't start taking an interest in wetting till i started dating my ex sarah in which this story is about. Sarah was a little shorter than me at about 5'7 ish at the time and was along the skinny side and had a streak of purple in her hair that i loved. This story begins as we get to my family cabin about an hour north of where i live in minnesota.

We got to my cabin around 5 or so from my house after i had gotten off of work. She worked 3 days a week and was free on the weekends and so was i so we hung out quite often on the weekends. Through her in my first few months of dating i was introduced to wetting. i immediately loved the feeling of the pee running down my legs and the feeling my pussy got when i would go in my clothes. Most of all i love to go in either jeans, shorts or yoga pants/leggings. When we got to my cabin we brought our clothes in, the beer and the tv and laptop. we used my laptop quite often to watch tv and movies on. I started a fire for us to chill around for a while whilst we were drinking. after my fourth beer i began to feel my bladder to begin to fill up and began to get a little desperate. 

Me and Sarah have always had this game where we would let spurts out with out the other noticing and see how long we could do it till the other noticed. I spotted a dear waking down the trail next to my campsite as i was thinking about how bad i had to go 7/10 at the time, and i pointed it out to her and as she looked i pushed a nice big spurt out into my yoga pants. It was so nice and warm and for how big it was it pooled a little bit around my ass in the chair. when she looked back im almost positive she didn't notice as we began our conversation back up. i was spurting periodically for fun here and there over the next ten minutes until it was too much and the pool began splashing on the ground below me. we had both drank a little and i had to go super bad now that i had let some out and more of it was just begging.

She noticed and giggled asking how long i'd been doing it to which i replied that i'd been going the last half hour. we laughed and talked about recent times we wet and after a bit the conversation drifted off, about 20 minutes later and another beer down i went and sat on her lap, feeling a bit tipsy, we talked i kissed her a bit and after a little bit i began to get horny. My nipples began to get hard as the pressure on my bladder began to get so immense that i was sure i couldn't get up without wetting myself. Oh sure, i could have told her i had to go that bad but wheres the fun in that? Once again i began to let spurts out and with how thin yoga pants are i had to be careful not to let too much out so she wouldnt notice yet.

When she finally noticed a little pee dribble onto her leg from me she asked if i had peed a little. i confessed that i had been letting a little out for the last little bit and she laughed and asked why i didnt just let go. I had wanted to but letting small amounts out has always been more pleasurable for me since i love the warmth. after a bit of talking, i let out another spurt but this time there was no stopping it, either with the relaxed muscle function from the alcohol, or just wanting to pee on her, i began to fully wet my self. It started off slow, as i had to go soo bad, and by the time she noticed. i was full on wetting.

I could feel the piss erotically coming out of my pussy and dribbling down to my butt where her crotch was. as i gave up and released, i heard her gasp emotionally as i am sure she was getting aroused from the incident. afterwards i stood up and she asked me to show her my butt, she felt me up a bit and we went into my cabin. We layed on my bed and she crawled on top of me and sat in my lap. she leaned forwards and we began kissing and touching and such. I was focused mostly on the passionate kiss as i felt my legs getting warm. I realized that she had began peeing on me in my bed!:) Her piss was landing on my crotch, as i began to get even more horny. i took off her shirt and we went on to you know...

The last bit is a bit more personal and idk if i'd like to share it yet as this is my first post here. Thanks for the read and i'll upload another story soon about how i was introduced to wetting, Thanks!!!!!:)

Aves.

