Real life wetting and embarassment

Author: tj118

*000*2011-02-20 21:07

I remember when i first go into this i was a little more public with certain aspects. I used to try to find ways to get woman i knew to have an accident. One of my best and most successfull tactics was bets. I set up a bet with this one lady i knew, we will call her Jane and change a name. I made a bet with her that we would flip a coin, and the loser had to do whatever the winner said. The catch was that the loser would not have to speak, move or get naked to do the forfeit. Not realizing how deep in she was, she said sure. As we flipped the coin, lo and behold i was lucky enough to win. She wanted to know what i would ask her to do and probably felt pretty safe.

A look of horror/embarrassment came over her face when i told her she would need to wet her pants. Lets just say for the next couple of hours there was a lot of pleading for an alternate penalty. In the end though, as we stood outside her house that night, she half angry, half playfully stood ready to realease. I remember a weird look, she said i can't believe i am really going to do this, and then i remember her going eehw, i am peeing...kind of laughing, and watching as is ran down the back of her legs in streams and pooled on the ground by her feet. she went a ton, and while she was really embarrassed, she was good natured about it too.

The bet has worked after that too...i will post another example. (i have won it many times, only 2 have ever actually paid it off.)

I think though part of what made it great was the pleading for something else and the mild embarrassment involved. Aspects that make despeartion great.

Better than starting a second thread, bet story number 2

Another young lady i knew i was able to convince to take a wager with me. She wanted to know the forfeit before though, so there was no surprise. I remember telling her i wanted her to pee her pants. THe wager was on a golden tee game, and i had to beat a score she set. I did, and killed it by 5 or 7 strokes. She had problems actually peeing though. She couldn't bring herself to actually release at first. When she finally did the look on face of i need to get this done was priceless. This one didn't go much, just a small spot between her legs, but what was unique about this is that she was a spirited girl we will say. loved to compete, win and always be in charge. this loss for her was the best there could be, because for a moment she was not in charge of anything, even her own bladder. Again, it was friendly and fun, and even though this isn't her thing, we are still friendly to this day.

