Coitus

Author: refurl

*000*2011-08-25 12:47

Coitus:

Sure, Sarah had to pee. But what was she going to do in the heat of the moment? We were solidly on our way to oral by the time the urge had hit her, and there was no way she was sacrificing a couple orgasms to a simple need to pee. She brushed off the slight urge, and I began my work, moving from the lips to the other lips. At the first touch of my tongue, Sarah's urge vanished – pleasure had taken the main stage. It didn't take long for Sarah to come, and shortly after, she felt the urge return, slightly stronger now, but still manageable. Unwittingly, I continued my work.

The second orgasm was quicker. As was the return of contractions for her bladder. She even felt a little come out after she came this time – trying to keep her cool, she offered intercourse, hoping a warm dick would keep her urges away, while of course giving her the pleasure she wanted. I was, by now, waiting impatiently for her offer, and accepted very quickly.

Through intercourse, she didn't feel much from her bladder. The need to pee was simply overshadowed at this point by the throbbing cock. She came once, twice, and then I came.

Afterwards, I regained myself, oddly enough, later than she. I looked over to see she's trying to put on shorts! "Wha?" I asked, still slightly dazed. Sarah at this point could no longer contain herself. Her immediate thoughts were of a toilet, getting to one... and then of the stream now pouring out her, into her shorts, now around her thighs... She began to cry, humiliated. The darkness of the room and suddenness of the event has left me still bewildered. I repeated my inquiry. "I... I peed," she replied, dejected.

I turn on a light and look at her. Yes, she's certainly peed... Her previously white shorts, now around her knees, are darkened, and in the light glisten slightly yellow. She's still going, a little, which at this point is overflowing, dripping onto the floor.

At the scene, I smile, and then begin to console her.

###

Some background: This was from before my girlfriend knew about my fetish. And while I did save this memory for later, at the time I wasn't very turned on since she was sobbing and I had just came. TT;

Also, if you have a problem with dramatic comma splice, I apologize. x.x

