My Padlock Wetting

Author: Soakmyjeans

*000*2022-03-09 20:05

I love the idea of being forced to wet myself. Like, trapped in my clothes with no way out and eventually getting so desperate that I have no other choice but to pee in my pants. It took me awhile to figure out how to accomplish this solo, but today I finally got to experience it. It didn't go quite as planned but it was still good. I hope you enjoy.

The plan:

I have a small padlock to secure my belt so that I cannot remove my pants without the key. I will be wearing tight jeans and the belt will be put on as tight as it will go. The key is in the bottom of a bottle of water that I put in the freezer earlier. (I wasn’t sure if it would freeze all the way, because I had to wait for other household members to leave before I could put it in there because I didn’t want anyone to find it.) For one hour, I will drink a large glass of water (about 350 ml) every 15 minutes. So I will drink 5 glasses for a total of 1750 ml of water within about one hour. Once I’ve drank the last glass of water, then I will take the water bottle out of the freezer. I will not be able to remove my pants until the ice melts. I will not do anything to speed up the melting process unless I’ve already soaked my pants.

The experience

9:35 Went to the bathroom one last time, locked belt with padlock, and drank first glass of water.

9:51 Drank second glass of water. Already feel a tiny urge to pee from the first glass. Yes, I have a small bladder. I also drink green tea every morning and this belt is really tight.

10:09 Just finished the third glass of water. I’m already to the point where I would normally get up to go pee.

10:24 Just drank my fourth glass of water. It was hard to walk to the kitchen to get it. I had to cross my legs as I filled the glass and drank. I still have one more glass to drink and now that I’m back at my desk I’m sitting here with my legs shaking. The urge is strong now and I’m having trouble concentrating on my work.

10:46 I drank my last glass of water and got the bottle out of the freezer. Turns out that I did not get the bottle in the freezer early enough and it was not completely frozen. Most of the ice came out of the bottle but the key is surrounded by ice and still will not come out. This did not matter much because I was already bursting.

The ending:

I stood in the bathroom and shook the bottle several times, but the key was still stuck under ice that wasn’t big enough to come out of the bottle. I waited awhile and tried again, no luck. By this time I was dancing around the bathroom, crossing my legs, and holding my crotch. I was really desperate. Several times I went back to shaking the bottle to no avail. My desperation was growing by the second. I was breathing heavy and continued to dance around. Eventually it got to the point where the chain from the key was out but the key itself was still inside the bottle. I could have yanked it out, but I resisted that temptation. I continued my dancing and watched as water dripped off of the ice surrounding the key. By 11:00, I couldn’t take it anymore. I opened my legs a little and let quite a bit of pee out into my pants. (You can see how much it was in the final pictures I took.) It felt SO GOOD.

I plan to do this again. Perhaps next time I will find a way to freeze the bottle overnight without fear of someone finding it. Let me know what you think and if you have any suggestions for next time. Note: I will not go out in public.

*002*2022-03-10 16:34

{{29 minutes ago, Solomorashin said:

Lovely story.^^

My first thought was, that you was planning to drink the frozen water before getting to the key.

In that thought... you could freeze your key in something other than water, i.e. cola. If you don't mind your key getting sticky, cola is opaque, and freezing it creates your own water ice... or just some ice cold cola, should you need an excuse, why it is in the freezer.^^

}}

I didn't even think of drinking the water. That would definitely add to the challenge.

