School and Bus Desperation

Author: maddoxawoo

*000*2019-08-14 02:28

Hello! i’m sorta new here. i've lurked for the better half of 2 years but finally decided to make an account now that i’m of age.

A bit of background! i’m an 18yo trans-guy in high school. i’m 5’4 and around 110 pounds. i’m a grunge kid and almost always wear jeans and a band t shirt with combat boots.

On to the story!

So ive done a fair bit of risky holding but i’ve never wet myself before i really thought i was going to today though. since i have to use the bathroom in the nurses office, i try my best to just hold it all day or going during lunch. today was a bit different and i decided to go during 2nd period (9am ish) and hold it for the rest of the day.

I always drink water regularly and it causes issues sometimes. so by time period 6 (1pm ish) rolled around i was starting to get desperate, around a 7/10. i figured i could hold on and if i focused on my work i’d be fine and get distracted. nope. it just kept getting worse. 7th period, my last class, i was fidgeting in my seat. i really enjoy that class so it wasn’t too bad but it was for sure unpleasant and worrying.

By time we were dismissed i was at a solid 8.5/10 and barely made it down the steps and to the bus without leaking. i had no time to stop by the restroom however because the nurses office closes 20min before school ends. which is absolutely absurd but whatever i guess lol. so i get on the bus and it’s another 5 min before we leave. we get to the middle school where i have to transfer buses to my home bus. i get off the first bus, and i leaked as i was going down the bus steps. i’ve only leaked a handful of times ever so i was getting worried at this point.

I get on my second bus and check the damage. there wasn’t any visible thank god. i hate the transfer bus situation, we sit at the middle school for 15min then it takes another 20 to get home with all the stops. and because my state is Total Ass and refuses to fix the roads, the ride is very bumpy. i made sure that i was sitting by myself and for the rest of the ride i had my legs crossed and my hands stuffed in my crotch as discreetly as possible. every time we’d hit a fairly large bump i could feel my bladder contract and i’d leak a bit.

I finally get to my stop and leak a couple more times walking to my house. the last one was fairly big and if my pants weren’t black you’d for sure see it. i get home and the door is locked and no one is home, thank god. i fumble with the lock which is always a pain, trying to not have a key-in-latch accident. i just about had the lock and leak again but it was thankfully small. i get inside and instead of going piss i just decided to revel in it. i took off my jeans and stood in the shower in my soaked boxer briefs leaking a few more times, this is the only time i’ve ever done anything like this. i started to actually wet myself, like full on torrent. i stopped and got out and pissed. my boxers were drenched and my pants had a golfball sized wet spot on them.

This will for sure be happening again but i’m not sure when, hopefully i’ll fully wet myself one day!!

I hope u all enjoyed 

