Metro train desperation

Author: Nick97

*000*2020-09-07 12:39

(Pretty cliche, but I hope that my English are good enough and easily readable)

About a year ago, I was out with several friends of mine in order to have a coffee. As it was a period of Christmas vacation, we had plenty of free time, so we decided to continue for a drink too. After the coffee I used the bathroom, as I had the chance (I like wetting sightseing, but not so much this to happen on me).

After an hour of walk and some beers, we sat on a small bar and had several spirits. ( I live in a balkan country, so this is kinda normal)

The time was passing by, and we left the bar late. I wanted to use the bathroom, but we were going to lose the underground railway and the taxi fare is very expensive. So we paid and we rushed to the metro. At this point my desperation was growing and the train was coming in 7 minutes. After that I had to change lines too. I was not taking the risk to go upstairs and take a leak in the bars outside of the metro station as i was worried, that I was gonna be late. After two or three minutes I really had to go, as the alcohol has this effect, so I was crossing my legs, cause it was the only thing I could do with so many people around me.

The train came after some very torturing minutes and I with my friends got in. The changing line station was very close so we arrived pretty quickly, I saluted my friends as they were continuing with the same train and I went in my metro line, in order to wait the train, which was going to my house. It was pretty relieving being alone as I didn't want talking and making jokes because my desperation was growing up. I was waiting an extra 5 min for my train and I really thought I was not gonna making it. It was the very first time having to go THAT bad. I had several desperate times, but not like that.

When the train arrived i hoped in and to my utter dissapοintment there was no free seat, so I had to be stood up for a ten minutes trip. In about the middle of this trip, I think thet several people understood that i had to pee as I couldn't help not moving in despair or I would wetted my pants. I untighted my belt (because I read some stories here that they suggest doing this for being more comfortable). It kinda helped, but I continued to be in some pain.

When the train arrived in my destination I hoped outside, passed the crowd in the ticket checkings, and I started running to my home. I felt some spurts being released in my boxers and I was frightened, as I knew I had not much time for a total accident. I managed to hold the whole amount of pee, until I got home. Putting the keys in the door, always is a torture ( I think that a lot of people have this issue and not only from our community). To my surprise I think I lost about the quarter of the amount of urine I had in my bladder and if someone could see me would understand that I had some kind of accident. I run into the bathroom, lefting my keys in the door and I was peeing like for a century. After that I took a shower and throw away my really wet boxers.

I know it was not a total accident, but it was the closest "accident" until now for me.

After that I was pretty embarassed, but happy that no one saw me.

