An important exam

Author: EmesiraGimil

*000*2019-06-14 14:29

As I was getting close to graduating, I was required to take an exam that would evaluate the quality of the course. I didn't know how difficult it was going to be, and it was scheduled to take five and a half hours; I was nervous about how I was going to perform there, since it could prevent me from graduating if I scored low enough.

The day of the exam, I wanted to make sure I would have as little worries as possible - I packed two half-liter bottles of water, a few snacks, pencils, pens, eraser and anything else I deemed potentially useful during the exam; of course, worried about having to go to the bathroom and waste time, I also ate light and made sure to go before leaving.

The exam consisted of several multiple choice questions, a bunch of open ones, and a small essay; we were told that we were allowed to leave the room for water and the bathroom only after two hours of the exam had elapsed, and that people wouldn't be allowed into the bathrooms after they handed the exam and when it was over. I was glad the room didn't have air-conditioning - it would help in not having all the water go straight to the bladder.

Fast-forward five hours into the exam, and I was worried, as I wasn't close to being done with the exam: I still had a few answers I had not marked on the answer sheet yet, and I was going to have to rush the essay. Also, my snacks were eaten and my water bottles were empty, so... yeah, I needed to pee. Badly. But I didn't want to waste time with it and risk losing the exam because my answers were incomplete; the examiner also made a point to remind the people still in the room that if they wanted to use the bathroom they'd have to ask before handing their exams. Ugh...

So I rushed as much as I could, but, despite my best efforts, time was up just as I was finishing it; I asked the examiner to let me use the bathroom as it was just over, but no deal. "Why is this rule enforced? The exam is over, dammit. I can't be messaging other people or shit like that." I was really afraid I wouldn't be able to hold it until I got home and would end up wetting myself.

I called my father once outside and hoped he could make it here fast, and in the meantime, I tried looking for alternatives: another place where I could ask for a bathroom? There was a bar close by, but it was packed full of people (I bet many of the examinees were part of the crowd) inside and outside - I didn't have the courage or the hopes that I wouldn't have to wait anyway; there was also nowhere secluded close by where I could relieve myself - and between the bar and the people waiting for transportation around the area, there were too many eyes if I tried to do anything. No way about it, I had to hold it.

It took a little while, but my father arrived. I asked them to go straight home and not stop anywhere else (even though a small part of my mind, now that I felt safer, went "what if...?"), and excused myself to focus on holding it until home. Yes, I grabbed myself, embarrassedly, but the alternative of losing it in the car was worse.

Fortunately, I made it home and could use the bathroom there, but, oh boy, it was too close for comfort. It was the closest I ever felt to bursting that happened by no planning of my own.

*002*2019-06-15 15:53

{{31 minutes ago, Allegretto said:

Five and a half hours of exam without a piss followed by a journey home! The thought fills me with horror. You have my undivided admiration as someone who was minutes from bursting in my trousers at the end of one of my 3 hour A Level exam when I was 18. But I can imagine how you felt sitting there trying to do your best without wasting time going out, even though I know you were allowed to and then not to be able to go at the end must have been purgatory! Did anyone else in that room sit out the whole thing without going out? You deserve to do well! Congratulations!  

}}

Oh yeah, I should have mentioned that I have graduated already, so that went well! Anyway, thank you.

Unfortunately I was unable to keep track of others as I was too focused on my own situation.

