Girl Partially Wets in Geometry

Author: Radiohead540

*000*2011-08-31 05:31

It may not seem like a big deal to anyone else, but it's the only actual wetting I can think of at the moment. Names changed for the sake of protecting identities. Apologies if my grammar is bad, I'm extremely southern.

So my geometry teacher, who we'll call Mrs. Smith, gives us a little pass we get to keep for the semester, if we keep it the whole semester, we get 5 points added to our final exam. She sounds really nice so far, and she is super nice, but there's a catch....if we choose, we can use it for two trips to the bathroom, and obviously, you use one trip, you might as well use the other trip before the semester ends.

This one girl in my class, who we'll call Miranda, has always done terrible in all math classes, so obviously needs the extra points. She had nice sea-green eyes, brown hair, perky breasts (C if I had to guess, pretty good for a sophomore,) nice curves, and a nice round butt. On the day this happened, she wore a grey sleeveless hoodie and tight capris with flip flops. She apparently had a weak bladder, which that day became rather apparent........

So on this day in particular, runs into class, barely making it to class on time. About 5 minutes though the hour and-a-half class, she started tapping her foot, jittering nervously. I looked up at her for a minute, maybe thought she had to pee, but dismissed it as her being nervous. But after about 15 minutes, I realized that she was more than nervous...she actually said out loud "I have to pee!" She tends to talk out in class if we're working on a paper or just don't have Mrs. Smith giving a lecture at the front of the class.

But she flat out said it, "I have to pee!" So I'm getting a little curious at this point, look over to her trying not to stare. So after about 10 minutes of squirming and holding her crotch, she walks up to my teacher at the front of the room and says "Mrs. Smith, may I PLEASE go to the bathroom?" She tells her should either get her pass, or hold it. She looks for a good while, and can't find it, so she doesn't get to go.

So she takes her seat, tells her friend who we'll call Katie that her bladder is about to explode. And I'm quite "excited" now myself. My eyes are glued to her. She gets up to throw something away, she has to stop and hold herself while shifting from foot to foot nervously. At this point I almost got a nosebleed.

With about 30 minutes left in class, she starts exclaiming that she's about to pee her pants. Must have abandoned dignity at this point. I look over at her, her eyes are almost turning yellow or so it seemed. She really really had to pee! (Duh)

About 10 minutes to the bell, my friend, who we'll call Tyler, who sits right next to her looks over at her and says "hey Miranda!" So she looks at him, and he takes a big sip of his water bottle and says "imagine you're drinking a big bottle of water!" She grabs her crotch and tells him to stop, and tells her that "it's raining. Releasing the yellow rains." She yelled at him to stop again. I didn't hear the last of the conversation, but got my books ready to leave when the bell rang. Their conversation continued to the point of where I thought she was going to go super saiyan on us!

Then the bell rang, she made a mad dash for the bathroom. I followed slow enough not to attract attention. From around the corner, I could hear her say "Nooooo!!!" And hoped for the best. So I waited outside the girls' bathroom at the water fountain, I heard an "aahhhhh!" coming from the bathroom. I assumed it was her. She came out of the bathroom with a BASEBALL-SIZED wet spot on her crotch and butt and made no effort to hide it!!! For some reason, no one said anything about it later.......as far as I know.

But yes, that was quite an experience for my sophomore year of high school. I've seen more desperate girls than I can count, but one of the only that I've actually seen pee before. I'll post more if I can later. Or if I can remember, memory's really foggy right now, sorry!!!

*011*2011-09-01 05:03

{{ 

Wait.. So the teacher is essentially saying "If you somehow manage to control a biological function which is imperative you your well-being, you'll get -5- points on an exam". The story is lovely, I like it it sounds realistic, not everyone is shy about announcing their needs to people.

You say the teacher is nice, but from where I'm standing, she sounds like a nasty piece of work, penalising students for using the toilet by removing bonus points from an EXAM sounds like nothing a nice person would do, it basically means a student risks losing their dignity just to try and maintain 5 measly points (I'm sorry, but from my experience with exams, if 5 points makes the difference between passing and failing, you should simply of studied more.)

Anyway, rant-mode is over, I'll never like people who restrict toilet usage, period.

Nice story though ^^;

}}

She's a nice person, but can be a real hard-ass about the stupidest of things. By the ways, to everyone: Thanks for the critiques , at the time, I wanted to cry about the way my teacher made her suffer like that. But thinking back after quite a while, it was kinda neat looking at the omorashi side of it all.

{{ 

I'm sorry, but I like this system because I'll be forever grateful if I can witness an accident because of it ^.^

I don't have any stories to tell of this sort, since I have not witnessed a situation where a person loses control of themselves, at least, not any that I can remember. It's so sad, and I envy you all who have stories like these to tell!

But really, even with this system in place, I have not witnessed anything of the sort and therefore it isn't of much use to me.

It should really be eliminated.

}}

Only reason I got to see it was sheer luck. Who knows? You never see these kinds of things coming, it just happens. You'll see a good wetting soon enough I'm sure.

But yeah, her system is crap. No other teachers are made to do this, but Mrs. Smith (as I'm calling her) only does it for her own reasons. Maybe she was just evil.

*017*2011-09-02 04:47

{{ 

I know that some people will like it because they can have a chance at seeing accidents and all that, but I just consider that to be quite selfish and unfair (No offence you're all awesome, but you can't deny it's selfish xD). I have no problem with teachers trying to get you to learn control and not get into a situation where you cause problems for yourself, but outright banning/penalising students who simply need to spend a few minutes taking care of themselves.

Not too mention the obvious (to me at least) facts that:

- Students attend school to learn

- Parents pay teachers to teach their kids

- A student who badly needs to pee will pay little/no attention to the class

- Those students will not learn anything

- The teacher is at that point, not doing their job

Fire them all, that's what I say 8D xD

}}

Agreed. My outlook on it all was a little selfish, I felt sorry for her, but couldn't help myself there. XD But yeah, to some extent, most accidents (not intentional) happening do involve a degree of embarrassment. Miranda's such a great girl, and I never liked that teacher to this day.

