My story

Author: venom

*000*2022-04-13 22:16

All people have different sexual fantasies, their own fetish, what I like to do, I don't even know what to attribute. I like to pee in my underpants and then go wet.Yes, yes, you understood correctly, it is urinating through them. Now I'll tell you how I came to this.

In the summer I lived with my grandmother in the village, there I met a very strange girl.Then I was almost 15 years old, and she was 2 years younger than me. And the strange thing was that from the first days of dating, she constantly said that she knew ways to please herself. On this day, she said that she would show me one cool way, but on condition that I didn't tell anyone about it. We went into an abandoned building and I was very interested in what she would show . We went up to the 4th floor and went where it was brighter, she squatted down, lifted the back of her dress a little and said look. She closed her eyes, in front of me I saw a girl sitting in a short skirt on her haunches with her knees apart. She was wearing thin panties. And then I see how she starts rubbing her clitoris through her panties, slowly at first, then faster and faster. At some point, there was a hiss, the panties got wet and urine poured from them onto the floor. She only sighed weakly at this.

After that, when the last drops fell to the floor, she stood up as if nothing had happened and said and now you. I'm standing and I don't even know what to say, I just surprised this, I've never seen anything like this in my life. . I told her something like you're a fool why are you doing this. She said that she had urinary incontinence as a child, when she walked wet, she became very excited and sometimes experienced an involuntary orgasm. Then at the age of 9 she was cured, but the habit remained. I didn't repeat it and we went to the beach. But I thought about that case almost every night, something did not give me peace. I even had dreams that I was pissing in my underpants . And the more I thought about it at night, the more I felt that I was getting excited.

After I got into the computer and started looking for something similar on the Internet, and even then the Internet and I found a couple of topics related to this. I saw pictures where other girls urinate in their underpants, it turned me on, but I didn't dare to try it myself. And then my birthday is 15 years old, adults left unfinished champagne, I drank a couple on the sly. After that, I went to see my friends off, and on the way back I wanted to write and quickened my pace. When I went home , I was already drunk.

There was an idea to try what kind of feeling it is when you pee in your underpants. I came home, there was no one at home. Undressed leaving only a thong. I went to the toilet, my heart was beating terribly fast. I stood over the toilet with my legs wide apart , my knees were shaking , I slowly relaxed and a thin stream poured through my underpants , the first thing I felt was a strong warmth and a slight vibration seemed to pass through the labia . This made me very excited. I went lay down on the bed and began to caress myself through wet panties, quickly enough experienced a strong orgasm.

After that, I realized what a fool I was that I didn't try it with her then. I didn't take off my thong because the wet fabric gave me pleasure, and I wildly began to turn my wet business. I got myself a small vibrator, I drive it through a thong.Panties for wet affairs wore only a thong, so as not to leave wet traces when you need to sit down. After writing, I wipe it with toilet paper. And so I'm already 22 years old, I still pee almost every day through my underpants. I don't even know what to do and I can't stop, the brain is already so used that I do it in them that when I take off my underpants, it's harder for me to write in them right away. Although it used to be the opposite. I am also excited by the topic of pissing on the beach,lying or sitting on the sand. That's my whole story. I know I'm not the only one. I want you to say something about me. How do you think it's worth stopping this case and if so, how and if not, why too.

$$

