Just some slight NYE Omorashi fun

Author: Miles Davis

*000*2020-01-03 07:28

As little as actually happened, I'm not sure this warrants a post but since even as slight as it was it got me excited, I thought I'd share.

I don't go out often so I decided I let myself go out for NYE and treat myself before going full hermit for another 3-6 months. I went to a local arcade for a NYE party and enjoyed many a drinks, both free and paid. I actually don't pee much throughout the night and don't even think about it until I hear someone mention "breaking the seal". However, what really got me excited was this girl on one of the games I was playing among a bunch of strangers. She was set up next to me on the joysticks and quite small and cute. She kind of reminded me of Jenny Sarah Slate with glasses. Anyways, at one point during a match, she quite nonchalantly exclaimed, "I need to pee pee!". I clarify I heard her correctly and she goes "Yeahhh! I need to pee pee. I've been drinking a lot!".

Somewhere between how casual it was and how immature she said it (I do have a slight DDLG thing) got me immediately excited, but I don't like to pull people into my fetish unknowingly so I didn't actually say much in return. After the game she did hang around and chat with me a bit. I suggested she go to the bathroom to which she just replied, "why?"

My mind did the horny guy racing thing and thought she might be into this too. Maybe she wants to hold and wants me to give her an excuse! She had shaken my hand and was still holding on and was now looking me dead in my eyes. I think she wanted me.... then another girl walked up and she introduced me to her girlfriend. Talk about caught off guard. I'm sure her gf saw my face change but I still tried to carry normal etiquette and just wish them both a happy NYE.

Anyways, fast forward to after closing time and I see these two head off down a road toward some apartments. No cab or anything. It got me wondering if she ever went or if she was still holding on the walk home. Taking a date to a bar and having her wet herself on the way home is one of my particular fantasies, so I can't say I wasn't biased into hoping this was the case.

But all is left to wonder as I left maybe 20 minutes after them, towards my home. I too walked and enjoyed a beautiful night air. I used some construction porta potties near the bar but just over a thirty minute walk with just my thoughts, I needed to pee again. Now that I drunk, I'm feeling quite brave and that slight memory of "I need to pee pee!" had me feeling raunchy so I ran over my options.

1) I could full on wet. I'm drunk so most people would just laugh it off, but I'll be living here for a a while so not preferable.

2) I could pee a little bit to satisfy me until I got into my shower, but I still run the risk of a wet patch, or... 

I settled on the third idea which was to check and make sure the street was clear, then pull my cock out through my zipper and just pee freely in front of me while I walked normally. The boldness of it, the feeling of the cool night air on my cock, the relief of completely emptying my bladder wherever I wanted... it all got me so hard and I just wish I had managed to find someone else at the bar to wet themselves with me.

