Bladderfail

Author: Sammy

*000*2018-10-06 08:11

I have a number of wetting stories that I've been too lazy to write, but this morning I woke up with an urge to take the piss (haha epic) out of myself, so here's a story.

Our story begins this summer on no other than a train ran by some useless fucks. It had been a long day at the office, and being the hardest worker in just about the universe, I didn't go to the bathroom past lunch time, the issue here being that I drink a lot of water, especially in the boiling room we had.

Now, the work day had ended, (and this story didn't start on a train sry) my train wad about to leave the station but I also needed to pee pretty bad, I opted to catch the train instead though since its an hour long journey and their arrival between each other is a wait I don't like... waiting.

Cut to being on the train, it's a bit crowded but I got myself a seat on the front carriage, the most tactical place to get off at my home station! I really need to pee at this point, now unlike my other story these trains did have toilets, but considering the crowding and the journey length, I didn't want to leave my stuff behind to walk two carriages down, or lose my seat, so I held it.

We do eventually arrive at my home town I and head into the station to pee, I really had to suppress the urge to place hand against my censored and hold it tight. The public bathroom, this was it, I'd made it! Yeah no, the cubical is being cleaned and there's some people by the urinals. (dont be mean it's really scary)

The walk home was eventful, I took an alley instead of my usual route along the roads, there's a small woods area about halfway to my house there and I can just do it there, this also let me press my hand against my crotch to make things easier.

The urge grew worse as I reached the mid way point, but I was now at the small woods area, this was it, victory. I press onwards until I can't see the main path, and I move behind a few bushes.

Then I stand there for a few moments doing nothing because I'm scared someone will come by and spot me, it takes me a year or two but I eventually decide to go, leaked a bit while waiting.

And thats an epic gamer win...

Is messing allowed here? Have a few stories sadly :c

