Boyfriends first wetting

Author: S3CR3TIV3

*000*2018-02-18 12:30

I've been aching to talk about this since it all began, but have no one I'm not too embarrassed too so I've decided to spill it out here so someone can get some enjoyment with me.

My bf recently admitted to me that all of the silly shower peeing and things like that were things he actually felt were sexual. It's been my thing for a while but I've been too ashamed to ever EVER tell anyone so this for me was really quite relieving and exciting. Since then we had been exploring it by peeing on each other and such and so on but I still didn't really open up about this side of the fetish as i still feel it's a little weirder than golden showers. But our sexual relationship took another turn when he admitted that he liked humiliation which can very easily play into this fetish. So I humiliated him.

We were on a trip home and still had over an hour left of a drive. He mentioned he had to pee and I asked if he could make it and he didn't really want to try but I asked him to hold it as I wanted to be home in a hurry and I wanted him as desperate as possible. When we arrived home, we started drinking. I figured it would help us both loosen up a bit so we could really be into it and also alcohol makes you have to PEE. He drank a few beers and some vodka with me and I peed probably 3 or 4 times over the course of the next couple hours while still denying his relief.

When I finally decided we were adequately tipsy and I had tortured him long enough, we proceeded to the bathroom. He mentioned along the way that his underwear were a nice light grey which would really show the wetness, which, uh, yes please. I assume being in the room of relief increased the need to go because he was begging once we got into the bathroom. I told him to hold on as long as he could, but didn't expect much. I gave him some nice gentle rubs and pressure on his bladder and sensitive areas over top his undies briefly before he whined, "Please baby, I'm pissing myself." I felt a small warm leak form in the palm of my hand seconds before the gates burst. He peed for at least a solid minute, completely soaking the grey undies that showed it off nicely. I could barely even humiliate him about it because I was so turned on but he still claims he enjoyed it regardless so I have no complaints lol.

