Guy friend desperation & almost accident

Author: imleaking

*000*2021-08-05 02:38

This took place this past Sunday. For context, I'll give some background. I was heading out with some friends to the beach because it was sunny out and we were all finally off from work at the same time. The others in the story I won't bother mention by name, except my male friend. I've yet to give him an alias on here (he had no name in wet roadtrip) so let's call him Mark.

I typically like leaving the appearance up to the reader's imagination, but since this isn't a fiction post, I'll give a small physical description. Mark is tall (he's around 6'2"), he's lean and muscular (but like not six pack muscular, more like you can just see the outline of his abs so you know he's fit), he has an olive skin complexion, and green eyes (so off topic, but they're seriously so pretty in the sun, I so wish I had green eyes ;;-;;). He has an undercut haircut (I think that's what it's called ^^') and he's clothing style is mostly street fashion (he loves his yeezys and jays *insert eye roll*).

We leave for the beach around 2:30 pm and arrive at 4 pm. We picked up beer and snacks on the way. None of us had peed since we left at 2 pm and knowing Mark, he probably hadn't peed since before then.

This beach had a lot of sand, vertical wise. It took us 5-6 minutes to walk from start of the sand to the waters (normally it's like a 1 minute walk max at our usual beaches). The restrooms were behind us, but again, they were off the sand so they were easily a 15 minute walk away.

We set up our chairs and what not. Then my other friends went off into the water to swim and play, I stayed back with Mark. He was eager to start drinking and quickly got to work on his first bottle of 12 oz beer.

I asked him if he was swimming and he said he didn't want to. He only wanted to drink and chill today. As such, he didn't bring anything to swim in, instead he wore a pair of red joggers. I went on to sunbathe and absentmindedly noted how in the span of an hour, Mark had already drank two full bottles of beer.

A little over thirty minutes later, he shots up from his seat. I ask him what's up and he says he's got to use the toilet. He's trying not to show it but I can tell from his clenched fists, he's gotta go pretty bad. He looks at the restrooms in distress but nevertheless makes his way over.

I watch him as he walks over to the toilets. He's got his hands in his pockets. I conclude his holding himself in effort not to leak. Some minutes later, he returns and looks his usual self.

"I literally almost pissed myself. Thank god there was no line." he laughs and sits back down.

"Yeah? Didn't you go before we left?"

"Nah, I only went when I woke up. Got carried away with gaming, next thing I know y'all were texting me to get ready."

I nod and conceal how I'm impressed he'd only gone once all day and managed to hold down 2 beers on top of it for that long. I've always know Mark to have a big bladder, but it still surprised me.

We went on talking and chilling for some more time on the beach with us and our other friends. Mark went and had three more beers during so. To be honest, I wasn't paying attention to how much he was drinking. It would only be brought to my knowledge later because the others would complain he drank almost all the beers.

The thought of his no doubt growing need also wasn't on my mind. I was having too much fun at the present to think of how those three beers must have been at work on his already overworked bladder.

We spent about another hour at the beach before we called it a day. It was around 6:30-7 pm when we left (my other friends wanted to drive back with the sunset). We pack up and head back to the car (we parked on the street a bit away from the beach). Before we go, Mark says he's going to run and use the toilets again.

We wait around for about 10 minutes then he comes back. He looks stressed. "Fuck, I can't find the toilets from here...I'll just go when we get back." he reluctantly decides.

It's an hour drive back, not including traffic. I sit in the back with Mark. I'm still not thinking of his desperation, I'm more focused on my own growing need. Roughly twenty minutes into the ride back, I notice Mark is completely silent and just staring out the window.

Now, this is odd, because Mark is a talker and if he's not talking, he's playing his car games on his phone. I ask him what's wrong. He replies curtly to me, "Nothing. Just wanna get back."

I'm taken back by his sharp tone. I then notice he's bouncing leg and it hits me. He's desperate again. I try to recall how much beer he had but can't remember. I casually watch him throughout the drive. His face is scrunched up in concentration and he's groaning every so often.

Another few minutes pass and his situation is getting notably worse. He's sweating lightly and has a hand back in his pocket. I can tell he's holding himself again and pretty tightly too. He's trying not to look too obvious and I assume that's making it harder to stop himself from wetting.

I'm half expecting him to say to pull over or wet himself from how bad he looks after each passing minute. When we're 10 minutes from our friends place, Mark speaks up. "How long does it say until we're back?" he ask agonized.

One of them replies 10 minutes and he winces. "Can we pull off somewhere? I'm fucking bursting." he ask but they insist we only got 10 minutes before we're back and for him to hold it. He clenches the side of the car door and breathes heavily. I spot a small leak on his joggers and suspect he's moments away from an accident.

His bladder is also obviously bulging too. I feel bad for his predicament and offer him some words of encouragement of how close we are to being back (a relief for me too since I'm at a 7/10). It doesn't seem to help. I watch him writhe around painfully in his seat, withholding his waves of urine.

I offer to help him upstairs but he refuses. "I-I won't make it that far. I'll find a bush or something." As we pull up to the curb, he waste no time flying open his door and getting out. I think he moves too quickly because the wet spot from before grows bigger.

He stiffens and bounces in one place. He then gathers himself and has to walk slowly down the back road. I don't follow him, because, well, that would totally give me away lol, and also because he's a close friend so I don't really wanna see his junk.

About 5 minutes later, he comes back to meet us while we're taking the beach stuff out the trunk. He looks relaxed and relieved. The others joke he drank way too much and it's his karma. When we're back inside, I see the wet patch from before is the size of a tennis ball. He was probably peeing right as he finally managed to find a place to relieve himself earlier.

Fast forward some time later, I'm walking my friend's dog and guess what I find? A big ole wet puddle in an alley between two apartment buildings (the spot is down the back road of my friend's place). The pee is all up the wall too.

I conclude Mark must have gone here and can't help but think of what would have happened if someone had caught him. Judging from the size of the puddle, he was really bursting and no stranger passing could have stopped his much needed release.

Well, that's the end. I don't often get to see male desperation from those close to me so I thought I'd recount this one. Hope you all liked it!

