Moving Day Desperation

Author: allthefun312

*000*2019-07-15 05:56

This is the first personal experience I’ve decided to share on here. It contains desperation but no wetting, as many of my personal stories will. It was not intentional desperation, so it certainly wasn’t fun at the time but hope you all enjoy it.

The other day, a friend (we’ll call him B) and I were helping another friend (we’ll call him Z) move. Z and I have been friends for a few years, but very recently started dating. Z’s new living space is temporary, so we were loading up a truck to drive a lot of his stuff to a storage unit. Well, there was a lot of disorganization and general chaos that day, so as a result we ended up taking three trips to the storage unit instead of one, as well as dropping off some of his stuff at my house (I agreed to hold onto a few things for him).

I woke up at about 8:30am that morning and peed before I left to help him. We started around 9:45am. I drank a bottle of water while we worked. After two trips to the storage unit, and one trip to my house, it was about 2:30pm and I was exhausted. I got large iced coffee from Starbucks to drink on the drive back to Z’s house. After we get there, Z realized he forgot to put a few things in the truck, which is when we realized we’d have to go back to the storage unit for the 3rd time. I also had to wait around for him to clean up his old apartment before we left again. To thank us for being so patient with him, Z ran to the store to get beer.

Even though I hadn’t peed for several hours and I just had a large iced coffee, I figured it wasn’t a big deal because I could just use the bathroom at his apartment before we left again. This quickly changed when I realized he bought me a REALLY big beer (1 liter and 6 oz I think). I realized there was no way I’d be able to hold all that plus the water and iced coffee in my bladder and that we’d pretty much be leaving right after I finish drinking. Despite it not being in my best interest, I drank the beer anyway. I would have felt bad turning down something a friend spent money on.

Just as I suspected, I had to drink the beer quicker than I would have liked and my friend was ready to get on the road just as I was finishing, which was around 4:30. I didn’t have to go yet, but used the bathroom at my friend’s apartment anyway before we left, hoping it would help. It didn’t. I felt my bladder filling almost immediately after we got into the car. By the time we were at the storage unit, I already had to pee. By the time we were done getting the last of Z’s stuff into storage, I had to go pretty bad. I was concerned about how rapidly my bladder was filling. I looked around for a bathroom at the storage unit, but couldn’t find one so I got back into the car. The next stop was going to be my Z’s new apartment, which was about 45 minutes away. I just knew this wasn’t going to be fun.

As B started his car, he said “I can tell you’re tired because you got really quiet out of nowhere.” I explained to him that I was quiet because I had to pee, and he felt bad, telling me he thought I had found a bathroom at the storage unit. I crossed my legs tightly as we drove there. About 15 minutes in is where I started to get really desperate. I was crossing and uncrossing my legs, pressing them as tightly together as possible. I was unfortunately riding in the front seat and was too embarrassed to hold myself in front of my friends, but I REALLY wanted to. I started wishing I had volunteered to ride in the back.

Just my luck, 30 minutes in we hit traffic, the GPS showed that it was going to delay us for an extra 20 minutes. At this point, I was in serious pain. I was trying my hardest to keep my legs pressed tightly together. My seatbelt was pressing into my bladder, which only made my desperation more unbearable. At this point I stopped even attempting to switch positions periodically because nothing was helping and uncrossing my legs for even a second at this point did not feel like a good idea. Instead, I was digging my nails into my legs to distract myself from the intense pain my bladder was in. I could feel the pee pushing down on my urethra and my bladder begging to let go. I hadn’t even said anything to my friends in over 10 minutes. I think they knew what kind of state I was in by now. Right as I was thinking about what torture this is, B looked over and apologized for the traffic. All I could think to respond with was “I’m in like…. Pain…. Like a lot of pain.”

After a while, traffic finally cleared and B drove the rest of the way as fast as possible. We pulled into the parking lot of the building. As they were getting out of the car, I took a deep breath and opened the car door. I stood up, immediately crossing my legs again as I did. From the look on my face, it was very obvious I was in pain. The first thing I said after standing up, with complete panic in my voice, was “I need to pee NOW. I don’t care about anything else.” B knew the building really well, and told me there is a bathroom in the laundry room of the building, which meant I could run to a bathroom on this floor without having to worry about getting to the apartment all the way upstairs. Finally some good news.

B started walking me to the bathroom, both of us moving as fast as we could with Z not far behind. The walk very thankfully wasn’t that long. We got to the laundry room and he pointed to the back. Still embarrassed about my situation, I resisted the urge to completely start running to the toilet and instead walked as quickly as I could. When I closed the door behind me I couldn’t get the lock to work, but at this point I didn’t care. I dropped my purse in front of the door, pulled my pants and underwear down and dropped myself onto the toilet. I started peeing immediately. The relief was so intense I felt an intense chill come over me. I don’t know how long I was peeing for, but it felt like forever. When I got out of the bathroom Z was in the laundry room waiting for me. He gave me a hug and I went to help him finish unloading his things, now completely relieved.

*003*2019-07-15 16:35

{{2 hours ago, Blurple said:

Were there any leaks or did you make it before you started leaking?

}}

No leaks, which I was very thankful for

*010*2019-07-19 03:31

{{16 hours ago, NorthEastGuy said:

Excellent and exciting story! I totally sympathize with you and feel bad that you were in pain. I also would not want you to be embarrassed in front of your friends. At the same time, I was very excited by how desperate you were, and would have loved to have been sitting next to you at the time. You sounded so sexy in your desperstion to pee, and I would have been thrilled by the prospect of possibly getting to watch you pee and/or wet your pants.

Your experience also resembles situations that I sometimes find myself in. Any alcohol or caffeine makes me have to pee really badly, and when I have both, I rapidly get to the point where if I don't get to a bathroom or a tree right away, I very well might have an accident. And to be totally honest, like AnnaB mentioned in her comment above, at the level of desperation that you described, there's a good chance that I'd be accidentally spurting quite often and wind up with a very visible wet patch on my pants.

Again, that was an excellent story. Thank you so much for sharing.

}}

I’m the same way, alcohol REALLY gets to me. I don’t usually leak, but I have a feeling if I waited any longer I would have.

