Girlfriend's first experience

Author: DespairedOne

*000*2017-01-03 00:51

So yeah, long story short, I'm dating this girl who I met 4 years ago, and since the beginning I noticed that she has like 9 times smaller bladder than I do. She really runs to the bathroom all the time:D let's call her Jenna here. She is average height, and well- endowed (you know) thanks to her Swedish roots.

Note: I hadn't told her about anything omo related before! (And still haven't, at least directly)

There was this time we were out drinking (on winter, damn we Finnish ppl are masochists) and had drunk maybe 3-4 drinks when she first notified me "should we find some place I can pee?" And I was just telling her a story about something so I asked her "can I finish this real quick?" And she is one of the shyer type, so she was like "ok but I need to go soon"

Maybe 5mins later she said whimpering that "can we go please?" :(

I'm a gentleman so I said of course and off we went. We were in a public park, where there wasn't much bushes or trees or anything so we had to leave the park to find her a place to pee. We were walking on a walkway, which was hidden from a nearby road, where she said something that I could not believe she would say so soon as she didn't really show any signs of needing to pee.

"Fuck it, I'll just go right here!"

I looked away that no one would come as she quickly relieved herself, and after that, she came to me.

"Phew..."

I watched in awe. She hadn't completely made it, there was maybe a football sized wet patch.

"Did you..?"

"A bit yeah.. it doesn't matter, no one'll notice"

Thank god for her, it was dark, so I don't think nobody did really. So we went back where we were and continued to drink more, maybe an hour later it was getting cold so she suggested that we would head to her place.

So we did. We were starting to be tipsy. Her place was about a half an hour- long walk away, and she then again said she needed to pee. Alright, I thought, she can hold it home.

There is a small forest nearby her place, and we decided to cut through there. In all of the sudden, she stopped.

"Uhhhh I don't think I'm able to hold it in.."

"Just 100 more meters, come on now"

"No.. really.."

"Well, you can go right here?"

"Yeah.. but it's so cold"

Then she said something I couldn't believe.

"I'm gonna do it in my panties"

She pulled her jeans down very quickly and squatted, and almost instantly she exploded. I couldn't believe my eyes. My dear girlfriend was right there peeing her heart out on her white panties with a loud hiss.

After she had finished, she said something unbelievable.

"that was kinda naughty you know"

My reaction was like o.O :D after that we finally got to her place, and had the most wet and hot sexy time we ever had. We talked about it for a while there, and occasionally these kind of things still happen.

I have many experiences kind like this, let me know if you want to hear more! :)

