A Dream I had

Author: sarafayer

*000*2017-11-03 01:22

Hey!

Sorry if this isn't in the right forum. I wanted to make a post asking where exactly I should post something like this, but...I also couldn't seem to find a forum that seemed appropriate for that kind of post. So my apologies if it isn't in the right place. I won't be upset if it's moved.

I had an amazing dream last night. Obviously it wasn't a real experience, but since I was going to also talk about some of the real-life details around that dream I figured that this forum was a more appropriate place to post.

I suppose I should describe myself just for reference for the story. I have caramel-eque skin, brown eyes, I have a LOT of small braids and I'm short and chubby with pretty big boobs and a huge ass. For clarity, I obviously don't have an objective view of my body but sometimes I feel beautiful and curvy and voluptuous and sometimes I feel like a blob. Lol.

So I can't remember how it all started but I do remember being in some facsimile of my apartment. You know, how in a dream, you know what place you're in even though it doesn't look the same as in real life. My bathroom looked the same (except maybe a little cleaner, lol). I must have been doing a hold (which is rare for me, anyways) and I ended up getting really desperate. I remember running into the bathroom and pulling down my leggings and letting loose the entire flood into them before I can even open the lid to the toilet. I'm standing in the bathroom with half my ass out of my leggings and a dude comes around the corner. I'm pretty confused about how he got into my apartment but we both just stared at each other. I felt embarrassed, but I also... really didn't care. It was wonderful, and kind of sexy to me.

In real life, literally no one I know knows about my fetish, not even my long-time partner. So it was a pretty big deal to me that someone saw me wetting when I thought it was real in the dream. But at the same time, I strangely wasn't very phased by it.

Anyways, fast forward and all of a sudden I'm in a gigantic building, almost like a school, with linoleum floors, fluorescent lights, and lots and lots of winding hallways and rooms. I'm really desperate to pee and I'm looking for a toilet to use. I keep walking around the place (but I'm not running, you know how sometimes you really have to pee but you don't want people to know b/c you're embarrassed) looking for a bathroom. It's obviously under construction because there are a lot of empty rooms that appear to be classrooms and offices. There are also some rooms that appear to be bathrooms, but they either don't have any toilets or the toilets are there, but not installed. None of these places have any "out of order" signs, of course, so I waste time walking into a bathroom expecting relief only to be denied.

I seem to keep coming back to this place that appears to be the "center" of the building. There's a girl sitting there at a large square shaped desk, working on a computer with a huge monitor. She's very beautiful. [I'm pansexual, though I lean more towards being into girls, by the way] If anyone watches American Horror Story I'd say she looks a lot like the character "Winter" from the current season. We appear to be the only people in the building. I'm assuming she's a receptionist of some sort or would at least know where the restroom is. But I am too embarrassed to ask. I pass her desk several times. At some point she seems to catch onto what I'm saying and says something to me. Only I can't hear it. Then, as if through a hallucination, her face changes to appear sinister and she tells me to "just do it."

Now I'm running, feeling like my pee is going to leak out any second, lost in the hallways of this building. I finally find what looks to be a working bathroom. I enter a stall and lock it and start to pull down my pants when the toilet disappears into the floor. I run out of the "restroom" and I find myself back in the middle of the hallway again. The girl sitting there looks at me and tells me just to piss my pants. I'm holding myself at this point. I run around to look for another place and can't find anything. Eventually I come back to the room with the desk. She tells me she will show me where it is. She takes my hand and we start to walk down a hallway. She gets a mischevious look on her face again and she turns to me and starts kissing me and holding me i place, all the while I'm squirming and feeling like I'm going to start to leak. I'm super nervous but I'm also really enjoying this.

She presses my bladder. In the dream, this is when I start to lose it. I can feel the piss start to run down my legs.

In real life, I have an orgasm in my sleep. I wake up and rush to the bathroom.

My partner doesn't know about my fetish and I didn't have time to think about this dream when I first woke up today. But now I am finished with a long day of work and I'm going to enjoy thinking about this "experience."

I've never posted anything here before- I haven't had any experiences or sightings worth sharing as an adult, but I wanted to share this one because I enjoyed it a LOT. I hope you did too.

