1st Wetting in a While

Author: Red334

*000*2014-09-07 03:21

Hi guys! I've been filtering in and out of this site for a while, and never got an account, just read stories and such, but something happened today and I thought I'd share it with you all (: so here's my experience from earlier today

###

I woke up at 10:00 because it was Saturday and I was off work. My roommate had left to run some errands. I quickly did my makeup and hair, and got dressed and headed to the kitchen for some breakfast.

I made some toast with jam and had two cups of coffee. I then threw some crackers and a water in my bag for a day of shopping.

I first drove downtown to where the big mall in my state is, and spent 5 hours and a large amount of money there. I hadn't used the bathroom since that morning and it was now around 4 or 5 pm.

I had finished my water and bought two different bottles of soda from the soda machine.

I realized I had to use the bathroom in the car on the way to my local Wal-Mart, around 15 minutes from my house. But I had to get curtains for our windows in my apartment.

So I headed into Wal-Mart with an almost full bladder, regretting my earlier drinks and not using the bathroom at the mall.

I went to the curtain section and found myself shifting my weight from foot to foot.

I looked at the curtains in front of me and had a moment where I forgot completely what size our windows were.

So I called my roommate, Jen.

"Hello?" She answered.

"Hey Jen, I'm out at the store and I forgot what size windows we have, could you maybe check for me?" I but my lip as a wave of desperation came over me and I had to bend at the waist to hold my flood back.

A man walked by and I straightened, giving him a tight smile.

"Ooh... Um... Yeah you wrote in down here somewhere, right?" Jen said into the phone. "Oh! 24 by 36 inches."

"Okay, thank you!"

"Bye, Red."

"Bye Jen!"

I hung up and stuffed my phone back into my bag. I picked out some nice beige curtains and headed to the cash register to pay.

Of course there was a line at each one. I cursed for leaving my wee until last minute and went to the self-checkout.

Unfortunately, because I was rushing, I did something wrong and a cashier had to come help. I fidgeted noticeably and had to give myself a quick squeeze to hold on. I eyed the restrooms in the back, I'd definitely be making a stop there.

He quickly fixed whatever I did and I paid and grabbed my bag. I walked into the restroom only to be shooed out by a worker.

"Cleaning, ma'am," The worker said and my bladder pulsed angrily.

"Er, and how long will that take?" I turned red, noticing how desperate I sounded.

"I don't know, but we just started ma'am. Reckon it'd be in your best interest to head home, instead," The worker said, and I flushed even darker, giving a short smile and leaving. Thinking back on it, I was probably dancing in my spot.

I hopped in my car, throwing my bag onto the passenger seat. No longer in the public eye, my bladder found it easier to impatiently remind me that it needed emptying. I started the car with only one hand, and drove out of the parking lot with one hand too.

It took me 15 minutes to get home, like I said before, and by then I was seriously doubting my ability to hold it. I carefully climbed out of my car and rushed to the door of Jen and I'd apartment, hopping from foot to foot and bending slightly while jamming my keys in the door. I finally unlocked it and rushed inside, curtains forgotten in the car.

I hurried to the bathroom near the door and pushed the door open.

I could hear Jen greeting me, but I didn't care at the moment.

The rug got in the way of the door, and that was the final straw for my bursting bladder. My muscles gave out and pee started streaming out of me as I moved the rug. I pulled my shorts down as fast as I could and emptied the rest of my aching bladder into the toilet, wincing at the sight of the wet spot on my panties.

Here are some pictures for you, unfortunately I was wearing quite dark shorts as I wasn't planning on wetting, but I think you can kind of see the damage done.

Thanks so much for reading! Feedback?

