I wet myself (#originaltitlebutok)

Author: qmarina

*000*2018-12-16 00:54

Hello everyone, I have to share something with you, which happened a mere half hour ago. It's not well written, I know, but I hope you can enjoy it anyway.

I was just casually gaming on my ps4 when I realized I needed to pee, I had been drinking a lot so it wasn't all that much of a surprise. I continued though, I was almost done with my mission so I would be able to go pee right after that. What I didn't know, was that the mission would take longer because I had to walk a long way to speak to someone. I chose to walk over fast traveling because the scenery was beautiful and I enjoy nice scenery. This love for nice views might have not brought me good consequences.

I totally forgot about my rapidly increasing desperation, until I started wiggling in my seat and I realized I really needed to go. I was almost with the person I needed to talk to though, so I held on and continued my quest. I was probably at a 7,5 at this point.

When I finally arrived, I was properly desperate and I felt like I was about to piss myself really. There is really no way of holding yourself with a controller in your hand so I kind of continued wiggling and squirming in the hopes of keeping it all in...

...at which I didn't succeed and every so often I would drip a little into my pants which made it so hard to hold on. I was at a 9 at this point.

The person finally stopped talking and I was free to go pee, so I quickly stood up which made my bladder spasm and a little jet of pee wet my underpants and the back of my pants. I was sure I wasn't going to make it, but I tried to make my way to the bathroom. I was trickling along the way and holding myself for dear life. The bathroom was a long way across the hallway, my hopes were low. I was able to lock the door and walk to the toilet, which made my bladder jump and I pissed my pants right there. The wet spot on my crotch made its way down my leg and dripped on the floor. It was incredibly relieving, I'll tell you that.

After realizing what had happened, I awkwardly hobbled back to my room to get my phone and take a few photographs of the aftermath. I stood back in the puddle as if I had just peed to show you what it was like. I know I am not good at writing, but I hope you enjoyed reading this as much as I do looking back.

$$

$$

$$

