Desperation on a School trip

Author: ThebigG

*000*2017-11-19 22:07

This happened a few years ago, when I was 14. We were going on a school trip to the north. We knew it would be a 2 hour journey, and the teacher running it said there would be no stops because it would delay our trip. Anyway, we were assigned seats on the coach, and I saw I was sitting next to a really cute girl who I kind of fancied lol :/ she was wearing light grey leggings with a cute pink top with a heart. Her boobs were cool too. Anyway we set off. About 20 minutes later I saw her, let's call her Talya, squirming.

I asked her what the matter was. She said nothing was the matter, so there we left it. A little later she called over a teacher and whispered something in his ear, then he shook his head. It was obvious she needed the toilet, although how desperately? I asked her, and I was surprised when she said she needed quite a bit. Let me tell you, Talya was very shy: she would never normally admit something like that. I figured she must be desperate. I saw her crossing and uncrossing her legs, and once I even saw her hand on her crotch although she quickly withdrew it when she saw me glancing.

Anyway an hour or so later she called over another teacher. By that point she was almost crying. The teacher said we could stop at the next service although that would not be for ages as we had just passed one, and the next one was about 50 miles away. We were anyway in bad traffic, so the journey had taken much more than 2 hours, and I think lots of people were desperate. However, especially Talya: she told me she had two cups of coffee before the journey. I realised this must mean her bladder is nearly be at capacity, so of course I was excited. Of course, I was still sympathetic to her. It may have been my imagination, but I think I even saw her bulging bladder showing through her restrictive leggings.

Anyway, we were just pulling up to the services when I saw a little black spot appear on Talya's leggings. I noticed it before she did, and when she did, she immediately covered it with her hands and blushed. Then I heard a hissing noise and I saw her leggings darken, from the crotch, flowing down until her ankles when puddles were forming. This went on for about 2 minutes, no joke, and by the time she was finished her jeans looked dark grey. She was red with embarrassment, and started sniffling. I did feel sorry for her. We came to the services, she got cleaned up, and we were back on our way. That was an eventful trip.

*002*2017-11-20 17:11

{{4 hours ago, largebio said:

Amazing, That must have been an awesome experience for you.

}}

It was amazing to witness something like that

