Katie and I

Author: Kez

*000*2017-09-20 20:01

As follows are some of the experiences from my childhood. They're as true as my memory allows, down to the exact words.

Katie I

The first time I remember was very brief. The sound of running water from the shower would have easily traversed the thin walls of our home, doing no good for a young girl trying to hold her bladder. She had knocked on the door twice, and I was vaguely aware of her situation, but as I switched off the shower she called out to me a third time - sounding almost in tears as she pleaded for me to let her use the bathroom.

Well before there was any trace of sexuality in our lives, I had nothing but unconditional love for Katie - and the slight lack of common sense associated with youth would explain my subsequent actions. I jumped out of the shower, ran straight to the door, unlocked flung it open. I ran out, Katie ran in and shut the door behind her.

I walked over to my room. I hadn't even bothered to take a towel to dry myself with, so I couldn't get dressed - I simply stood motionless in the middle of the room - cold, naked, and dripping water onto the (thankfully) hardwood floor, wondering what to do.

After a moment's pause, I decided I needed a towel.

I opened the bathroom door which Katie hadn't bothered to lock, with the intention of running in, grabbing a towel and running back out. I did not at all intend for her to jump off the toilet in surprise and rapidly pull her underwear back up.

"Kez!" Katie exclaimed in shock.

"I'm just getting a towel," I said, and grabbed one off the rack opposite the shower. I turned around and headed for the door, but stopped as I heard the sound of liquid hitting the bathroom floor, and a soft crying. After a moment's pause, I wrapped the towel around my waist, walked out of the bathroom and gently closed the door behind me without looking back.

Katie II

Several years passed before I discovered my interest in Omorashi - or rather was in the process of doing so. On this particular night, with mum and dad asleep in the next room, we were awake well past our bedtime - but Katie and I were simply playing innocently. I can't for the life of me remember what we were talking about of course, but it would help to explain how I reached the point where I told Katie that - for some unrelated reason - that she couldn't leave our room.

To which she responded quietly but with a hint of mild disdain, "But I have to pee!"

"Ha, no you don't," I replied with an amused smile. I didn't believe her, in part because she had shown no outward signs that she needed to use the bathroom (or that I could pick up on, anyway). I thought she was simply trying to evade my rule of not leaving the room, and looking back, I think I was correct. I just had no idea how far she was willing to go.

"I do..." She argued. When I shook my head, still refusing to believe her, she reached down with both hands and grabbed the hem of her pink silk nightgown, ready to pull it up. She spoke as a warning if I wouldn't let her go - "I'll do it in my panties."

My smile vanished, and I raised an eyebrow. I was a little surprised at how quickly things had escalated, and couldn't immediately think of a way to respond to her threatening to wet herself. Katie took my silence as an indication to continue.

I was sitting on a stool in the middle of the room, watching Katie as she stood at the far end between our two beds. The lights were off but moon and streetlight from the window was more than enough for me to be able to see everything perfectly. She pulled her nightgown up to her chest, revealing her navel, her bare legs, and her only other item of clothing - a pair of small, light pink cotton panties wrapped comfortably around her waist. Without another word, she spread her legs slightly further apart, looked down at the carpet directly beneath her, and began to try to pee into her underwear.

I stared for a moment at the fabric between her legs, but before it could darken with wetness, I felt a sudden unease as a sudden onset of thoughts came rushing to the front of my mind. Firstly, I knew I had a fetish for girls wetting themselves. Secondly, Katie was about to wet herself. It felt wrong. And thus, before she had a chance to carry out her threat, I made a decision that so many years later, I'm not sure if I truly regret or not.

"Katie..." I said, softly but sternly. Just her name, but from my tone she knew immediately what I meant - that I was telling her she was not supposed to pee in her panties; that I would tell mum and dad if she did; and she would get in trouble. She dropped her nightgown back down and stood upright.

"Well then let me go to the bathroom!" She said angrily.

"No, you don't actually need to go," I replied, maintaining my original position. The thought occurred to me that it had been a good few seconds between her starting her attempt to wet herself and me telling her not to do it, and yet she had not managed to release any pee in that time. Clearly her need was not all that great.

"Yes I do, look-" she said, and for the second time pulled up her gown to expose her underwear and spread her legs apart.

I was immediately given a second chance, to rectify my original decision. I failed to do so, and the exact same thing happened - there were a few seconds of silence, before I warned her again "Katie...", and her still-dry underwear vanished beneath her nightgown a second time.

Or so I thought. This second time I hesitated for maybe a second longer before telling her to stop, which made all the difference. Katie had been genuinely trying to pee both times, and the second time she was able to try for a little too long, and was just about to start when she lowered her nightgown. When she clenched her pelvic muscles to stop the flow, she unwillingly spurted a small amount of urine into her underwear.

At this point, Katie had been told not to pee in her panties, and then peed a bit in her panties. In a panic, she made a sudden run for the bedroom door - though she was at the far end of the room and I was in the middle, so it was all too easy for me to get there first.

"Please," she begged me, trying to squeeze past, "I really have to go to the bathroom"

I tried to refuse, but she had a renewed determination. I didn't know it at the time, but having brought herself so close to relief and then trying to stop and hold it just as she started, Katie had become genuinely desperate and adamant about getting to the toilet. We mildly struggled out into the hallway, and reached the door of the bathroom - though I had a firm hold on the handle.

"All right, you can go..." I said, but with a playful smile I added, "...but I get to go first."

Her eyes widened and her jaw dropped. "No, please..." she said - quietly (as we were right outside mum and dad's room), but also showed the first signs of desperation I was familiar with as she crossed her legs and bent over slightly. I was convinced at this point, and felt pretty bad for her so I opened the bathroom door and let her in, and headed back to our bedroom.

A few minutes later I heard the toilet flush and Katie came back shortly after, looking calm and significantly relieved. As she shut the bedroom door, I asked her if she wanted to continue with whatever game we had been playing before.

"Sure," she said, "but I need to change my panties first."

"Why?" I asked, though I already knew the answer.

"Because I did some in my panties," she said, with a hint of embarrassment.

I never got the chance to see her underwear after she had started to pee into it. She would throw the soiled pair into the laundry basket in the hallway, and would watch as I went into the bathroom, making sure I wasn't going to find out how much she had wet herself.

But before that, something else happened.

"Don't look while I get changed," she said to me, walking over to the cupboard. I pretended to oblige - lay down in my bed and pulled the duvet up over my head - but not before I made a slight hole in the side, just large enough to see through.

I didn't expect to see anything of course. Katie could have just taken off her wet underwear and put on a dry pair at the other end of the room, far out of sight. And of course the hole in the duvet I had made to see out of would have been obvious to her. There was no need for her to walk over to the bed without any underwear on, and lift up her nightgown to expose between her legs for a few seconds.

But she did.

There are parts III and IV, which I can write up depending on interest.

*005*2017-09-21 16:27

So I shall! The third of my four recollections isn't as "fun" as the second and last, and it definitely wasn't a pleasant experience for her. But it's certainly worth mentioning - because I'm still not completely sure what happened.

Katie III

Long car rides are one thing, but this occasion takes it up a notch with a trans-Atlantic flight - the one back home, specifically, after a two week holiday in the Caribbean. It was myself, Katie, my dad and our younger brother, all in the same row, and in for an overnight 7 hour flight. I was a smoker and suffering from mild nicotine withdrawal, combined with a dead iPod battery that reduced me to listening to the in-flight radio - which had maybe one song I could bear. "Bored" was an understatement.

I was in the habit of noticing things, however - specifically in regards to Katie. I was aware of several small and unusual details about the seemingly equally-bored girl next to me. The first was that we had spent the previous afternoon in the pool, where she wore a two piece swimsuit - and the swimsuit did not turn up in the laundry the next day. I could only assume that she had kept it on and just put her skirt and tights over it - perhaps she had run out of clean underwear after two weeks on holiday; not an unreasonable thought.

The second was that she had not used the bathroom in a while. Not since mid-afternoon at least - and we were well into the early hours of the morning - around 3 hours into the flight, and there was nothing to indicate to me she had any need to. She seemed as bored as me. Now my own bladder is a bit of a tank, and I could easily have gone the entire flight without having to pee - but I was pretty confident that skill was beyond Katie. I had the slight inkling in the back of my mind that something unexpected was about to happen.

My brother (who was around 3 or 4 at the time, and had the smallest bladder out of all of us), eventually spoke up to say he needed the bathroom, and my dad instructed me to take him. I didn't object, as I figured I would visit the bathroom as well - not to use the toilet, but I was a very bored teenager and could gladly use of a brief moment of privacy for obvious other reasons.

Just as we started to get out of our seats, Katie spoke up

"Yeah I'll come too," she said, unbuckling her own belt. I knew it.

There was one toilet on the flight, and a small queue of 3 or 4 people. My brother and I joined the line, with Katie behind us. We didn't have to wait long - less than 10 minutes before it was our turn. During that time, despite Katie being out of my direct line of sight, I got no hint of advanced desperation from her at all. There was no fidgeting, no leg crossing... nothing. She seemed pretty calm, and I would never have thought she needed to go at all.

The last person exited the cubicle and I took my brother inside. He went and was pretty quick about it, and once he had flushed and washed his hands I opened up the door to let him out. As he headed back to his seat, Katie tried to come inside assuming it was her turn, but I blocked her entry.

"Not yet, I have to go first," I said. I didn't, of course.

"Ugh, hurry up." She sounded mildly annoyed, but again - not a hint of desperation.

I closed the door, pulled down my pants and sat down on the toilet. I was very quick - less than a minute for sure. It helped to know that Katie was just outside the door holding it (to some extent, anyway). And I was quiet, and would have heard any sort of commotion from outside the cubicle - which I did not. Once finished I briskly cleaned up with some toilet paper, flushed and washed my hands. Two minutes, tops, less time than my brother had taken.

If everything had still been normal, Katie probably wouldn't have said anything. Instead, as I stepped out of the bathroom, she avoided all eye contact and headed straight inside, and quietly said in a pained, dismayed tone,

"Thanks for taking so long."

The simple phrase startled me. For Katie to say such a thing was meant she had undoubtedly peed in her underwear - but how much? I threw a quick glance back just before she closed the door. Her tights seemed dry, and there was nothing on the floor, so she hadn't completely lost control. Perhaps she had started to leak, but I didn't think how she could have reached that point so quickly. And surely even releasing a few spurts of pee into her swimsuit (which could easily have been cleaned up with a bit of toilet paper) weren't nearly enough to warrant her actually saying something to suggest she had done so?

I didn't feel comfortable hanging around, and headed back to our seat. About five minutes later Katie joined us and sat down in silence. She seemed visibly upset - the sort of upset you would expect from a girl who had completely wet herself, and would have to bear the next 4 hours sitting in urine-filled underwear. But there was no evidence to suggest it - her tights seemed dry though (up to her thighs, as far as I could see), and there was no smell of urine. I was highly confused by the whole ordeal. Katie's mood didn't improve by the time we landed. Any dribbles or spurts she might have done in her underwear would have certainly dried by then, but yet even as we went to collect our luggage, her expression remained that of a girl who was still wearing clothes that she had had a major accident in.

We left the airport, took a taxi home, and Katie seem to have recovered by the time we reached the house. We went inside, she went straight to her bedroom and came back down a bit later to help unpack from the trip, and that seemed to be the end of it.

Until the next day.

Katie had school but I was still off from college. Mum and dad went into town the next morning, and I decided to start with chores early - taking out the bins for a start, which was of course none other than a blatant excuse to visit Katie's room.

The bin in her room was empty, as was the laundry basket. Undeterred, I opened up the door to the closet.

Katie's first order of business had been to get out of her swimsuit bottoms, but it seemed she didn't want to put them to wash (possibly because she didn't want to risk our parents seeing them), and so had just thrown them into the closet, and figured she would deal with them later. I took them out. They were dry by now - with a brightly coloured pattern on the outside which revealed nothing, but plain white on the inside, so I turned them inside out.

And sure enough, there was a very obvious yellow stain which I expected - but what I did not expect was the size of it. This was not the sort of stain you would see from an accidental leak or a few spurts. The crotch had been completely soaked, and the stain spread well past the gusset both ways - up the front and back. The entire lower half of the garment was filled with pee, and still had the fairly strong scent of urine. It's the sort of stain you get after you completely wet yourself. I had confirmation. For whatever reason, Katie had peed in her swimsuit - and she had peed a lot.

I suppose the rest of the details are left up to speculation. Maybe Katie was shyer than I thought. Maybe she had been desperate all along, but didn't want anyone to know. She never crossed her legs or held herself, and with the people in the queue behind her, she didn't want them to see her like that. Even when she reached her limit, she chose to stay calm as she discretely started to leak into her underwear - no one would be able to tell. Maybe she even chose to deliberately do a few spurts to relieve the pressure. Either way, she certainly let out a significant amount of pee in her clothes well before I opened the bathroom door.

But I don't think that was enough - not to cause the end result that I found. And she might have just dried herself off better than I thought. Lifting up a skirt is one thing, but moving the rest of her garments out of the way was another. They were already wet after all, and if she had lost control upon entering the bathroom, it wouldn't really matter how much more wet they got. It wouldn't have been unreasonable for her to choose to quickly pull her skirt up, sit down on the toilet with her tights and swimsuit still on, and relive herself into them.

*008*2017-09-22 01:01

As you wish :P

Katie IV

The last time was certainly the most memorable.

As we got older, we were due separate bedrooms, though when we decided to do some renovations the situation got complicated. During the day I could have Katie’s room (and moved my computer and stuff in), and at night I was reduced to the couch.

It was late evening and I was playing a fairly old but nostalgic sim, and Katie was essentially backseat gaming in a playful attempt to get me out of her room in order to go to sleep. It was a small space, and I was sitting on the edge of the bed to use the computer desk, while Katie was lying down behind me.

I figured I would set up a challenge. I switched the sim to multiplayer and offered her a match. If she won, I would leave her alone in peace… though if she lost, she was sleeping on the couch tonight. She accepted.

I showed her no mercy.

“You cheated!” she complained, lying down on the bed again on her back. “I’m not going.”

“I won, you lost. Admit it.” In all fairness I had exploited one glitch that let me fire on her base without her being able to attack back, but only to put on more of a show – I would have won regardless. I was the gamer here.

“Nope. I’m staying here,” She said defiantly, crossing her arms and refusing to move.

“Well I’m not going either,” I said, and leant back so that I was lying lengthwise across her abdomen, and thus preventing her from getting up.

“Fine,” she said, and lay still. I switched back to the single player campaign and played some rounds in silence for a few minutes, but half-lying down I was in a very uncomfortable position. I decided to push myself a little further back onto the bed (and by extent, onto Katie) to rest my head against the far wall. As I did so, she squirmed a bit in discomfort,

“Ow. Be careful,” she said, “You’re like right on my bladder.”

That was definitely not meant as an invitation for me to do what I did next, but I was far too curious as to what would happen to restrain myself. The game had reached a cutscene and I brought my arms back to my sides, with my left elbow conveniently resting just below Katie’s navel. After a moment I made as if to try and find a more comfortable position again, and in the process of shifting, put a slight amount of weight on my left arm.

Katie would have said her bladder was ‘comfortably full’ at that point – not feeling any real need to go, but with a fair amount of liquid inside her. It was enough so that when I ‘accidentally’ pressed my elbow into her, the pressure was just strong enough to overwhelm her self-control and force a small, short stream of urine out from between her legs. She gasped in surprise and quickly pushed my arm away.

“Get up,” she said, a hint of panic in her voice. “I need to go to the bathroom.”

“Admit I won the game,” I said. I knew what she had done, but I wanted to hear her say it first.

“No,” she refused.

“Fine, I’m still not moving,” I replied simply. There was a brief pause.

“Get up!” She tried to push me off a second time, which had very little effect.

“Admit I won,” I said again.

“Fine, you won,” she conceded. “Now let me up, I need to go to the bathroom.”

“Why?” I asked, still working to entice her into revealing the details. “You didn’t need to a minute ago.”

“Because you pressed down on my bladder,” she said agitatedly, “And I did some in my pants.”

I was immediately thrown back to that time so many years ago, to our shared bedroom where she had done the same once before – and I had been given a chance to witness it twice, and to my eternal regret, failed to. But not this time.

“How much?” I asked, still not moving.

“Just a few trickles,” she replied.

I looked over to my right and down to her legs which stretched out to the edge of the bed and spread slightly apart. She was wearing a pair of cool blue jeans, and though I could clearly see the crotch right below my right arm, there was no sign of any wetness.

“Doesn’t look like it,” I said.

“I did…” She said, and while my attention was focused on her groin, she made another effort to get out from behind me by pushing herself backwards to the other end of the bed. I was faster though – within seconds I was on my feet and had flanked her to the bedroom door, blocking her exit.

“Let me out,” she said, “I already peed a bit and I still need to go.”

“I don’t think you did,” I lied, shaking my head. “I didn’t see anything.”

“Look, I’ll show you,” she said. She took a seat on the stool next to the bed and spread her legs apart. Intrigued, I stooped down next to her and focused on the crotch of her jeans for a moment, before I noticed a dark but dry spot on the grey fabric beneath her. She noticed it as well.

“That wasn’t from this time,” she said.

Wait… this time? It was at this moment I took notice of the stool. It wasn’t so much a stool as the lower half of a desk chair I had given to her several months back, and I only just took note of the state it was in. The fabric of the seat was one such that stains did not ever really come out of it – and there were a lot of stains. I had always brushed off as maybe spilled drinks or something, but now I realised how unlikely that was. There must have been at least ten different patches of former wetness from different periods in time, all close to the center, and all of similar size.

They were too small to be from complete wettings, but still far too big to be from a girl’s cum. What seemed more likely was a combination of both – the first bit of wetness as she plays with herself, followed by a few spurts of pee as she climaxes. Whether she did this sitting naked, or did it in panties and the chair was stained with the excess, I don’t know. All I knew was that some way or other, Katie had peed while sitting on that chair, multiple times. And I was impressed by it, so much so that it took me a moment to realise she was trying to do it again.

With her legs spread apart, she could see for herself that there was no wetness on her jeans, and after a moment of her sitting in that same position in silence, staring down at the gap between her legs, I figured out that she was trying to make some.

After a few seconds, Katie’s underwear began to fill with urine again – this time deliberately. She shifted forward in her seat so that the crotch of her jeans was pulled tighter around her crotch, hoping that as she wet her panties, it would seep through to the denim and show on the outside. It didn’t work. Intent on making a visible wet spot, but at the same time not wanting to soak them too much, the result was that she was a bit too cautious. She did not spurt with any amount of force, but carefully let a small stream of pee trickle out from between her legs. It was quickly absorbed by her panties, but without any force behind it, the wet patch simply began to spread downwards towards her seat. Not seeing anything appearing on her jeans, Katie continued to slowly pee in her underwear for at least a full second, but eventually gave up and stopped the flow.

“I did do some,” she insisted, standing up again, but with no way to prove her claim.

“I still don’t see anything,” I replied, still oblivious to what was going on in her pants. Katie paused for a moment to think, and then offered a new suggestion.

“What if I show you the wet patch on my panties?” She asked.

“Ok,” I agreed without hesitation.

She moved as if to unbutton her jeans, but then stopped and bit her lip in thought. I realised that she was contemplating whether or not she should pull down her pants to show me her urine-filled underwear, and was not convinced that it was a good idea. She reached into the top of her jeans and grabbed the hem of her light pink cotton panties, pulling them up almost to her navel so that I could not yet see any wetness, but I did get a clear idea of what she had on underneath. I had seen her wearing only underwear before, and clearly she had no problem with showing me her soiled clothing, so I didn’t quite understand why she was hesitant. I think that as she pulled the pee-soaked crotch of her panties tight around her girlhood, she was trying to judge whether the wetness would reveal more of her privates to me than she wanted to.

“No…” she eventually decided against it, shaking her head and pushing the top of her panties back down into her jeans. We were a little too old to be comfortable with each other seeing our sex parts at this point. It didn’t matter though, as immediately afterwards she spotted a new option. This came in the form of a single, small, pink sock, lying alone upon the floor over by the wall.

“Aha, a sock,” she said in the cutest of voices as she bent down picked up the garment. “I’ll pee on this, that way you know I have to go.” And before I had a chance to reply, she spread her legs apart slightly and shoved the sock into her panties.

Without hesitation, Katie pressed the sock up against her lower lips, held still, and once again made to urinate. She knew she didn’t have to do much this time, and as soon as she felt her pee start to leave her body, she stopped the flow, and withdrew the sock from her underwear.

“There you go,” she said as she showed me the warm, wet spot of her urine, about the size of a quarter. “Ok? I’m gonna go to the bathroom,” she said with an unusually cheerful tone. I wasn’t quite sure what to say, but I was pretty impressed at this point. I didn’t make a move to stop her as she placed the sock into my hand before stepping past, opening the bedroom door, and heading briskly down the hall.

*010*2017-09-23 22:16

I'm very glad you enjoyed it - I was a bit worried that after writing them up I might have lost the appeal from the early ones and made the later ones a bit too generically sexual, but overall they're still as honest and faithful to the actual events as I can remember.

Katie and I are adults now, and the relationship between us is as it should be. There's be the occasional incident where she'll end up a bit desperate after a long car ride together, but it never really ventures into omo or sexual territory - I think we're past that point now. And I am a little bit sorry that it never went any further, but regardless, it wasn't bad at all.

