Long Halloween Bus Ride

Author: DesperateAlice

*000*2018-02-14 22:07

This is the first time I really got desperate in public:

So it's Halloween 2010 and I'm in a skimpy witches outfit I bought at Ann Summers, I've been drinking for hours and drinking a lot - but the issue is I don't live in the same city that I'm drinking in and I've got a long way to go home. I have my last drink, go for a pee before leaving the pub and wait for my bus - 10 minutes waiting and as I'm paying for my ticket I get the first urge to pee and I've got a 50 minute bus ride ahead of me.

My head was spinning and I thought I might have even slept, that would have helped, but someone I knew got on the bus a few stops later. She was completely sober so of course I tried to seem as sober as possible. The desperation came on strong and fast - I strained and strained not to shooggle my leg but I managed.

Halfway into the journey I'm chatting away and there's no outward signs I'm bursting to wee, but my bladder is burning and I can't hold it. I release a little, hoping it would help but it didn't, but oh it felt so warm and good. With my friend mid-rant about her brother, I start peeing again, thinking the bus seat may be a little more absorbent, that I could just slowly release, but I couldn't stop it. I panicked as the wetness cascaded through my pants and tights, and onto the floor. I just stayed exactly still, not trusting myself to move or speak until my friend piped up and said she thought something was spilling in my bag. Quickly tapping off the flow, I grabbed my bag.

Fumbling into it, I exclaimed,"Oh shit, you're right", and pretended to tighten a bottle. I'm not sure how good my acting was but she seemed to believe me, asking me if it was vodka. I quickly agreed but changed the subject. That loss of fluid seemed to do the trick and I felt a lot emptier for that moment anyway.

Finally arriving in my hometown, I got off the bus alone, but my drink caught up with me again and I was badly needing to pee. I started the walk home, not sure if it'd make it. My black tights hid the damp well in the darkness so I wasn't worried about that, more just getting caught by someone since it was a dry night.

After a few minutes I started walking trying to clench my thighs together, knowing how stupid I looked but hoping after midnight no one would be looking out their window. I tried to hold on but the water flow was too strong and a gush lashed out of me, piss splattering on the dry pavement.

I reached down and took my shoes off, hobbled over to a wall and leaned against it. Not even bothering to lower my pants or tights I just spread my legs right in the open and let loose. The pee just cascaded down onto the concrete, soaking my tights as it went. My head was starting to clear a bit, and I just wanted to get home. I continued on, my soaked feet leaving prints behind me as I walked but I didn't care. Sneaking into my house, I headed for the sink, downing two glasses of water (best way to avoid a hangover).

Before slipping into bed I went for one last pee, taking my dress off before reaching the toilet but not bothering to take off my pants or tights. Well they were wet anyway, why bother?

