Wetting my Stewie Pajama Pants while playing on my keyboard

Author: RileyCat23

*000*2015-10-22 01:14

Hello guys and gals of Omo.org! I'm a newcomer to this site and am absolutely dumbstruck by the amount of people that have this bizarre fetish similar to my own. Now, again, I am relatively new, so if my writing is atrocious, please don't judge too harshly. Now onto my first ever told wetting experience on here! Yay!

So last Friday, I was sitting home alone in my room while my parents were out partying with friends of theirs. I'm just being my typical lurker self, reading many different stories people share about their experiences whilst sitting in my super comfortable black and red pajama pants that are littered with Stewies, impairing me to obey him, when my phone suddenly shuts off in It's infamous shit-tacular way, making me mutter profanity under my breath.

So after a few minutes of waiting for my phone to charge, I start to get thirsty. So, me being the sneaky princess that I am, I walk out of my room, into my garage and fetch a can of Pepsi, cracking it open and sucking it down like a Hoover. After downing the whole can of carbonated heaven, I go and recycle it and return to the safety of my room.

So I just lay there, like a Snorlax with absolutely nothing to do with her time, until I remember I have a test for my piano class on Monday, so I sit my lazy ass up and scoot over to my keyboard, switch it on, and begin practicing the painfully dainty melody. In the middle of the song, I felt an annoying ping in my bladder, saying, "hey, Riley, ditch the ridiculous piano wannabe thing and get to a toilet," and I of course tell it to go f-word itself.

After a half hour of playing the same melody over and over again, my bladder signals to me that It's even fuller and I should really get off of my "wannabe piano thingy" and go and pee in the bathroom. I ignore it again and just cross my legs, resuming the melody on my keyboard, played on the Harpsichord setting. :3

So after some more time goes by, my bladder bugs me YET AGAIN with an even WORSE threat. Finally I get sick and tired of Its shit and start to contemplate going to the bathroom. But where's the fun in that? After reading all the Omo stories on my useless phone, It got me in the mood to try it out for myself. So as I play keyboard, I slowly uncross my legs, relax my muscles, and let it floooooow.

I sighed loudly with relief as I felt the warm, wet substance flood my pale white panties and my Stewie PJ pants as it spreads around my crotch and around my butt in a puddle on my sheets, going down my thighs and dripping off my bed, splattering on my floor, giving my feet a golden shower. After about 30 seconds of sweet relief, I stop playing, look down at my lap, my sheets, and the floor and see them stained with my pee. That's when I realize, "oh shit.... When mom and dad come home and see this,I'm dead!" So I stripped my sheets off of my mattress and took them to the laundry, grabbed a towel from my linen closet, wiped up my pee, and changed into another pair of PJ's and panties.

After that was all done, I smiled at the successful wetting I had done and laid back on my bed victorious. When my parents came home, I immediately fell asleep. I heard nothing pee related the next day, so that just made me believe that my wet fun was not discovered. And after breakfast, I just enjoyed the rest of my Saturday.

Aaaaand that's all folks! I really hope you enjoyed my first entry. And if you didn't, oh well. Have a good night and if you guys liked this one. There will be more to come! Love you all already! ^w^

*003*2015-10-22 23:39

{{ 

I've done that more than a few times myself. When I get the urge I'll pull up my plastic lawn chair to my computer and allow myself to just wet my pants once I really need to go bad. It helps that I have a washing machine and dryer at home and its easy for me to enjoy this pleasure.

}}

I know! And just the nice warmth of your own pee is Soooo nice and soothing. And plus after reading al the stories, I just figured "why the hell not?" So I peed and it felt good

*010*2016-10-02 13:04

{{5 hours ago, Big Boss said:

I must be behind the times but that was very well written, Very nice and pretty arousing too. Gotta give it to you, you can write pretty damn good compared to my incoherent ramblings.

}}

Awwwww come on, Big Boss, don't say that! You use vocabulary like a virtuoso uses his fingers on a piano. Like Vocabulary is just second nature to you. You're one hell of a writer. And one hell of a Gmodder!

