Finally, a holding contest!

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2015-09-21 17:37

I managed to organise a holding contest with two friends of mine last Friday!

Had I any literary talent, you'd be in for a few thousand words of desperation and wetting, followed by a threesome the likes of which this forum hasn't seen before. As it is, all I've got is a scientific mindset and you'll have to do with the truth. (Except for all the things I've changed for anonymity purposes, of course. Like the names. And, well, it wouldn't be much use if I told you what else, would it?)

To set the stage: Louise and I organised the thing together after a get-together that involved almost too much tea. Rita had also been present and when she found out about what we were going to do, asked to join in. Apart from that both have dark hair and are pretty skinny, I'll leave their appearance to your imagination. All three of us wore jeans.

We started out drinking a cup of tea every quarter of an hour. We'd agreed that we would continue doing so until we decided we were too full, and would then switch to whatever pace we could manage.

(Clarification about the rules: If you couldn't drink fast enough, you had to wait whatever time you had left over after you'd given up. We didn't want anyone to wet themselves, after all. Or, at least, nobody wanted to be the one to wet him/herself...)

The first hour went completely uneventful. We played some flash games, watched some YouTube videos... I had expected all the liquids to kick in sooner and more gradually. As it was, everyone seemed fine. Louise had a bit of a problem with her second cup, which was smoked tea (which she doesn't like) and which took her almost half an hour to drink. That put her at an advantage in terms of fluids, but put her at risk of wetting herself if she gave up. Rita also had a bit of a delay on each cup (she can't drink very fast).

It was while we were watching YouTube that Rita really started complaining. We chose the more funny videos, and she kept saying that laughing wasn't doing her any good. She held on, though, and you couldn't tell how bad it was by how she was sitting. Louise was complaining about it, too, though, and I was getting the suspicion they were both feeling it more than they were willing to admit. I could feel my own need a bit, but it wasn't at all bad.

Long story short (what do you mean you don't want it short?), I decided tickling them would be a good idea. Rita proved utterly insensitive to this kind of offensive manoeuvre, which was rather disappointing. She wasn't, however, insensitive to having her bladder pressed, and so it became a battle of her trying to tickle me and me trying to reach her bladder. We went back and forth a few times, but I eventually switched to Louise.

Unlike Rita, Louise was ticklish. Quite ticklish, in fact. She put up more of a fight, but that only made it all the more fun, and we spent some time in a free-for-all tickling and bladder-pressing match. You know, never mind. I'm not going to describe what it was like. Two girls who are really getting to bursting point tickling you and each other while you tickle them and press on their bladders? Use your imagination.

After a while of various things I'm sure you can imagine for yourself, Rita said she just couldn't hold on any longer. She was sitting down, legs jittering, her hands protectively held over her stomach in case someone tried to press on her bladder again. She was ready to surrender, but that wasn't quite enough: she was sure she wouldn't manage the fifteen or so minutes she'd still have to wait.

We debated a bit about what she could do to be allowed to go earlier, while she sat there, almost leaking... I'm not sure whether she leaked in the end, but we decided she could go if she drank another cup of tea. While standing up.

If we'd demanded she stand upright and still, she wouldn't have managed it. She kept stepping from one foot to the other, bending over forwards a little. If she had been alone, I'm sure she'd have grabbed her crotch then, but she was probably a little shy of us. Finally, she finished it and ran off.

It was just me and Louise now. I could tell she had to go worse than me, but I didn't feel like ending it just yet. She knew that if she won, she wouldn't have to wait an extra fifteen minutes, and I think she was relying on that.

We stood around for a while, shifting and still drinking. Rita came back and started teasing us about how good it was to finally have been able to go; I think that if we weren't that desperate, we would have gagged her. We barely even tickled each other any more now.

The end was kind of anticlimactic. Louise couldn't stand straight at some point; she was constantly bent over forwards, though I'm not sure whether she actually held herself at any point or if it was just that she kept her hands on her lap. She told me she gave up, but she couldn't manage the extra fifteen minutes, either. We settled it with me being allowed to go first.

I took my time. When I got out, she ran into the bathroom. Maybe I saw a wet spot on her crotch, maybe I didn't. I doubt it, though; if she'd wet herself, she probably wouldn't be so open to playing this game again. :)

*002*2015-09-22 20:35

Blackmail, of course.

Just joking. I suggested it as something we could do, and they thought it was fun. Sometimes, all you've got to do is ask.

