Accidental wetting as not allowed in bathroom

Author: Urtakingdap1ss

*000*2022-03-05 21:15

Scroll down a little if you want to skip straight to the main story. Scroll further to get to the wetting. Both are marked.

Description of me: I'm a 19 year old girl, brown-skinned (I'm carribean, indian and mexican) with short black hair that's curly (but is often braided), with greenish eyes, full lips, kinda wide nose and light freckles. I'll go by my middle name Rue here. I'm quite small and use a wheelchair full-time (which has it's pros and cons when I wet myself); I have quite a bit but not full movement in my legs and can't stand or walk or control my bladder well- and I've turned that into a turn-on : )

I've lurked for a while but I have lots and lots of stories to share and knowing my bladder and the people I'm around, I'll have lots more stories to come. Here's the first.

MAIN STORY STARTS HERE:

As mentioned above, I live in hospital. It's for a few reasons but they deal with physical and mental health and I'm not allowed into any toilet after eating (for mental health reasons, and if you don't get it, I'll answer questions below). As you might guess, for me, who has bladder problems, this can be an issue.

So, I'd eaten some dinner and I'd been to the toilet right before but then I drank three cups of squash while I was eating (I really don't know why so much haha). Even right after peeing beforehand, I noticed I had a little left in me, warm, right at my urethra but I didn't have time to go again as it takes a bit longer getting in and out my wheelchair.

I didn't feel it while I drink, but around 10 minutes later I started feeling the need to go and it was already quite strong. Repeatedly, I looked at the clock but that just made the time feel like it was going slower to be honest.

I asked one of the nurses if I could go to the toilet and they said "You know you can't.", so I kind of just sat there awkwardly haha. I started fidgeting and at this point I wasn't really finding it a turn-on, I was just worried about how long until I was allowed to the toilet lol. I kept feeling the pee get to the edge of my urethra and my clitoris throbbing and tingling as I tried to hold it in.

About 20 minutes later I was feeling so desperate that I asked again. I'd tried shifting positions as much as I could and fanning my legs and angling one leg into the other to press my vagina together and hold in all that pee. I said to a nurse I really liked "Please can I use the toilet? I promise I'll just pee, I hate saying this but I really need to go and I'm not sure I can hold it.". And she did look sympathetic but said "I really can't let you in, sweetheart, you know that. There's an hour and a half left before I can. Try to hold it, you are 19 now."

THE WETTING: And at that point, I think my mind just gave up. I felt an almost-hot sensation where I was trying to hard to hold it and couldn't. I suddenly grabbed my vagina because I wasn't expecting it so suddenly and there was no spurting or dribbling to warn me. My eyes pricked with tears, probably partly because I was upset and partly because of my whole body physically trying to stop the flood. And then there was a forceful hiss and I blushed because the nurse was just staring a me, embarassed. My thighs got warmer and my hands were dripping and my wheelchair seat soaked up piss and then dripped and then poured onto the floor and it went on for maybe 20 seconds. It was so forceful and a lot of fluid lol.

THE AFTERMATH: My hands and trousers, all under my thighs were wet and my pussy and bum were warm with piss and there was a yellow puddle on the floor. I tried not to cry and said a bit strained "I told you" and then to be honest I did cry a little, mostly out of embarrassment. I pushed myself back to my room and left the puddle and they finally let me in to the bathroom as I was all wet and then finally felt so turned on by it all. At this point, I felt like I needed the toilet again (very quick but it always happens to me after peeing or wetting when desperate). I kept my wet trousers on and traced my fingers up my thighs underneath the clothing, up to my pussy and then rubbed until I came, which made me need the toilet more haha so I voluntarily pissed into my trousers and then cleaned up and changed. The nurses said sorry but they still won't be able to let me in the bathroom after eating. : /

