How I got into wetting

Author: Kate Kate

*000*2017-01-10 04:47

This is my first post. I felt it would be fitting to start with how I got into wetting. If you are interested I am 19 years old and white with brown hair and brown eyes and people often tell me that I'm cute and pretty but not like hot and sexy because I have an innocent look. I am average height and weight.

It all started with my friend I'll call her Amy for privacy's sake. She was on the biking team and as I was to learn later, the coach had told her that it was common to pee while biking. She looked similar to me as she also had brown eyes and hair and that same innocent look. She was a bit shorter than me as she was about 5"4 and I 5"6. We were both more or less your average teenage girls.

This story is from when me and my friend were both fourteen and going into ninth grade and we both had the same job as a lifeguard in the same camp in Georgia and for some reason or another the pool was always closed on Tuesdays so we didn't work. We decided that every Tuesday we would bike to the beach. The beach is a few miles away and a forty five minute bike ride there, however I was in shape and she wad on the biking team so we had no problem making the bike ride there even with a bag of towels and everything.

On the third or fourth week the inevitable happened. About ten minutes after we left, I had to pee. The road was straight with only grass on both sides but a lot of cars so there was nowhere to pee before the beach. I still told her to look out for somewhere where I can pee in case we pass somewhere. And that's when it happened. She asked wether I was wearing my bikini or underwear underneath my running shorts. I thought this was a weird question but answered that I was wearing my bikini. She then told me that I should just pee right there. I told her that if she thought that I would pull my shorts down in public she was crazy. She answered that she meant that I should just pee through my shorts and my bikini. I told her that she was had to be kidding. However she answered that she was being completely serious. To prove it, she stood up and showed me her shorts.

If you looked closely you could see that they were a little damp. She said that she was laying down outside before she came to pick me up and she was reading.She had to pee but she was being lazy and just peed right through them. I asked why her mother didn't care and she answered that she only did it outside and wouldn't come in until it dried. I still thought that it was a crazy idea though. She then told me how her coach warned the team about peeing during a race and that it was common for bikers to pee while riding. She said that bikinis are made to get wet anyway and that the running shorts would dry by the time we got to the beach.

She said that she got used to peeing on her bike and even peed her shorts even off her bike as long as it was outside and wasn't wearing denim. She told me she also peed in skirts a lot since out didn't show and only wet her panties. I still decided not to pee. About fifteen minutes later I really was desperate. I told her that I was going to pee and she said go ahead. I tried to but I could not get it to come out.She told me that the sane thing happened to her on her first race. She ignored the warning of her coach and couldn't pee the whole way.

At the end of the race she was really desperate to per. She ended up having an accident in front of everyone else but she wasn't the only one as a few other newbies did too. When we were almost there she says she had to pee so she stood up and just peed. The sight of her peeing made me lose control and I flooded my sorts and bikini. When we got to the beach I found out that she wasn't even wearing a bikini. She was wearing blue cotton panties that were soaked. She didn't mind be seeing her in her underwear but then she used a towel to put on her bikini. After going in the ocean, we layed down on towels and talked. Eventually the topic of peeing came up again. I asked her why she was able to let go of her pee like that. No matter how hard I tried I wasn't able to. Amy answered that she also wasn't able to at first.

After her huge first race she went home and started trying to get used to peering through clothes. First she left her panties on while on the toilet trying to pee. However, she wasn't able to let go.so then she would pull her panties down and start peering then she would pull her panties on while still peeing. Once she got used to peeing through panties she added shorts on.

After that she did it in the backyard and then finally on a bike. On the way back more or less the same thing happened. We both ended up peeing ourselves and I thought I was weird because it felt good. When I got home a started training myself to let go because I thought it would be helpful and I kinda felt weird about it. I knew about sex at the time but I didn't connect the two yet. A year or two later it became a sex fetish for me and I learned that she was just doing it for the convenience not because it was a sex fetish for her. Over the summer it became normal for us to pee while biking and I always peed through my bikini. One time I did it not while biking. I was outside and I just decided to pee myself for no reason. I felt a bit guilty but also a bit what I later found out to be turned on.

I have quite a few more stories to tell about me and Amy where one of us if not both of us peed ourselves if anyone is interested.

