Wetting myself at the mall and trying to hide it!

Author: Emma Bailey

*000*2021-01-03 18:10

So somebody asked me about an accident I had where I had to try and hide it, and my response ended up being a full story. So here it is.

As a forward, I hate malls. They’re terrible, soul sucking buildings filled with nothing but overpriced food and shops that’re either going to go out of business in a couple years, or sell exclusively uncomfortable lingerie. However, at this particular time I also needed a dress tailored, and because I’m terribly uncreative the only place I could think of to get that done was Nordstrom. So about a week before this I’d ventured out to the mall, gotten measured, been sad about how my butt basically does not exist, and was told to come back in a week to pick up the dress.

So I’d arrived at this mall in the early afternoon, and headed straight on over to the Nordstrom-tailor-thing-place. There I’d been told that they weren’t done yet, and since I was here they could try to finish it quickly but it’d still take an hour or two.

This was back when movie theaters not only existed but actually had good movies, so I headed over to the mall’s theater to watch the latest trashy action movie (because just because there’s an actually good movie doesn’t mean that I don’t want to watch a bunch of people in skimpy outfits punch each other to death). I got a soda beforehand, because despite that basically always leading to trouble I have terrible impulse control. The movie was pretty eh, but it burnt two hours and by the time it was done my dress was probably ready.

Of course, this isn’t just a journal about my day, it’s a post about me wetting myself, so by the time I’d walked out of the theater the drink had started to hit. I’d needed to go during the movie, but walking out into the overly-bright lights of the mall pushed me right on over to desperation.

So, here’s the thing. As I said earlier, I hate malls. I’d been to this mall exactly twice in my life. I had no idea where the bathrooms were. I was inching myself towards the tailor, hoping there was a bathroom on the way, when I finally started to lose it. I felt a sudden pinching feeling pass through my bladder, and some wetness hit my panties. On instinct, I shot my hands in, pushing them hard against my crotch. Somehow regaining control, I staggered my way off in the general direction I was already heading. I finally saw a bathroom, and somehow managed to make it all the way there only leaking just a little bit. I got inside, locked the stall, and managed to get most of the rest of my wee in the toilet.

I finally had a second to assess the damage at this point: I’d been wearing a formerly-sky blue skirt, the front of which was now completely stained a dark blue by my surprisingly-successful attempt to stop leaking. My panties were soaked. Luckily, this wasn’t the first nor the last time that something like this would happen to me, and I was halfway prepared. I stuck my panties in a bag and got a replacement pair from my purse, and got some perfume on to mask any odors. I didn’t, however, have anything to cover up the obvious mark on my skirt.

So off I went to the tailor, hoping that people would just right it off as an unfortunate spill. I had my purse slung at an awkward angle around my front, somewhat covering the staining. No one commented, but I got some looks, and I really didn’t want to show up to the tailor with this obvious of a wet spot. So I headed into one of the too-many clothing stores and bought the first sweater-jacket-thing I could get my hands on. I tied it off around my waste… and realized that actually tying a jacket around your waist is terrible advice, because it left a big open window that still showed off my accident.

So there I was, back at a tailor, futilely trying to avoid the nice dress lady noticing that I really shouldn’t be trusted with nice dresses, seeing as how this one turned out. She handed over my dress without comment, but I was blushing at full capacity as I walked out of there and got back to my car.

I’d like to say that I learned from this, and never drank a soda during the movies ever again, but that would be a lie because I’ve totally done this and had more than just this accident because of it. Maybe I’ll write about those too sometime. Either way, hope you enjoyed this one!

*002*2021-01-04 05:27

{{3 minutes ago, trekkie said:

That sounds exciting! I don't have the guts. Can't imagine being brave enough to even tie the jacket that way instead of having it mostly cover you.

}}

I would like to say that this was bravery/shamelessness, but honestly most of my reaction was a combination of panic and suppressing the "hmm, maybe I should be horny now" instinct. Also that I didn't realize that it didn't cover much until I'd left the store. Because that kind of spacial reasoning is hard.

{{7 minutes ago, trekkie said:

One time I had to buy dry clothes and it was pure terror walking around the store! (Unplanned; I like soda, traffic doesn't like me, was far from home and couldn't go back...)

}}

That sounds like a fun story! Could you tell us all a little bit more about it?

