Desperate girl in my class

Author: redhead99

*000*2017-05-03 17:16

So i'm finishing my last year of high school and there's this girl in one of my classes who i have always found sort of attractive (but never made a move or anything because i'm rather certain she's straight as a ruler). She's very petite, about 5'1", with black hair, lovely legs and perky C cup breasts. This day she was wearing skinny jeans with a white top and we had two periods together, meaning an hour and a half.

So she comes in holding an almost empty water bottle, sits down next to me, and we begin the lesson. About fifteen minutes in she complains to her friend sitting opposite me that she needs to pee. I can't help being intrigued by this and look over at her. Her legs are crossed but not in a particularly tight sort of way so that could be irrelevant so I reluctantly turn my attention back to our teacher. However about ten minutes later she complains about her need again and she's now moving her legs quite awkwardly and looking rather uncomfortable. Loving this situation i keep looking over at her as much as i can without seeming creepy.

Soon enough her legs were double crossed and she was making little moaning noises under her breath. It was about ten minutes before the period changed and she turned to the teacher and said "Miss, when the bell rings I'm going to need to run to the toilet urgently". And this point i was just trying to keep my face from flushing and imaging all the liquid she was trying to keep inside, squeezing her beautiful little pussy lips shut. Our teacher seemed to look her up and down, sizing up her obvious predicament before agreeing to let her go when the bell rung. Those last ten minutes she clasped her legs even tighter and squirmed back and forth. By the time the bell rung i was so turned on all i wanted to do was lick her pulsing pussy and i was disappointed when she got up and rushed out.

To my delight however, she came back about five minutes later and sat down with a worried look on her face. No one else seemed to notice and obviously assumed she'd peed until a couple minutes later she lay her head down on the desk with her legs crossed and groaned. At this point the teacher gave her a worried look "Mona, didn't you go?" she said.

Mona, the girl, then explained with pain in her voice that she couldn't because all the bathrooms upstairs were locked and when she went to the one open one downstairs there was no toilet paper (our school locks all the bathrooms during lessons because someone set fire to one of them once, a silly system and great for me in this situation). I was having the best class of my life at this point, and with another 40 minutes to go.

In no time she had clearly forgot any shyness and was just trying to keep all the fluids inside her. She was groaning, complaining aloud and squirming back and forth with her legs tightly crossed. When she sat back i saw her poor swollen bladder distending out of her otherwise flat tummy and obviously being cut my the waistband of her tight skinny jeans. I imagined my sore she must be.

By the end of the class she was holding herself with tears swelling in her eyes. As soon as the second bell rang she waddled painfully out of the classroom as fast as she could.

