One in Fourteen Million

Author: Sake

*000*2019-06-01 01:56

So the other day I went to see Endgame. Of course, that wasn't at all because I actually cared about the plot - I haven't been following the MCU at all and still haven't even seen Infinity War - but because of the prospect of sitting through a three-hour movie. How often does a chance like that come around?

The plan was simple: watch the movie and go home. Fairly straightforward, but of course everyone here knows it's not that simple in practice. All that had to be done in one straight shot, with no breaks of any kind. That's the game, after all.

Thus the plan became go to the movie, survive the movie, then immediately proceed to drive home and hopefully avoid having an accident somewhere in the middle of all that. I would not be able to leave the theater except under one of three conditions: the movie ended (plus credits for a bonus challenge), I've started leaking, or it's got to the point where it's more painful than fun. All fairly self-explanatory - the first was the goal, and the other two were provisions to make sure I didn't soak theater seats or actually physically damage anything.

I'd planned to do this earlier, but I wasn't feeling well on the day I had originally planned to see the film - there were some nice rainstorms that day and I wanted to have those coincide with my going back home - and the day I decided to stay home just happened to be the very last day that theater was running the movie. Whoops. Fortunately, though, there was another theater still showing it, and it was a much bigger one at the local mall. So I bought a ticket online for a showing the next week, and from there I was fully committed.

On the day of, I made sure to relieve myself in the morning, even though I normally wouldn't, just to be sure that there wouldn't be anything interfering with the game. Showtime was at 11:50, and the last time I was empty before leaving was somewhere around 10:00.

I'd inadvertently chosen my outfit a few days in advance, having caught a tear in a pair of shorts while trying to put and making them even more ripped up, basically no longer in any condition to wear - so instead of throwing them out, I figured they'd get one last run at Endgame. They went under a pair of jeans - normally I'd wear track pants, but I wanted to be able to wear a belt for obvious reasons. And don't worry, I made sure the belt was as tight as it could get.

I was out the door by 11:20, at which time I also made sure to notify Rolo's discord server of my plans. Why not the Org discord? Because Rolo's was the one I clicked on first, and I wouldn't be able to pay attention to two servers throughout the game. I found out afterwards that Etchy and Gemgirl had already started their own game in the org server anyways, which I wouldn't have wanted to interrupt.

Thanks to traffic and a few unexpected detours, I technically got to the theater late - at about noon - but I figured I'd still have plenty of time before the movie started, what with all the previews. I had the QR code for the ticket scanned, and got my typical choice of snacks for whenever I went to a theater - a small popcorn and a liter-bottle of water. I didn't bother scanning the lobby for the bathrooms - if I did need them I figured I'd be able to find them easily enough - and instead went directly upstairs to the theater proper.

Upstairs meaning on the third floor of the building, each floor really only being two theaters and an elevator. Quite a bit of climbing, but not an issue. And, of course, because it was so late into the movie's theatrical run there were hardly any other people in the place - maybe a total of five other people by the time it started. So I just took a seat way in the back when I got past all the stairs, and quickly figured out how to work the fancy reclining chairs the place had. I was even able to safely start on the popcorn and water, as the biggest advantage to arriving late to a movie is you skip all the trailers.

I didn't keep track of when the movie itself started - maybe around 12:10 or 12:20 - but I do know I was still feeling extremely empty then.

That didn't last very long, though. Maybe half an hour in I noticed that I had to pee - and I'd somehow skipped all the previous steps and went directly to the stage where I actively knew that I ought to pee. 'course, even at home I'd still ignore this part, but it was rather interesting how soon it happened. I blame the popcorn, not necessarily the water, which was maybe a third done by this point - I'm not expert but I'd guess the fact that this stuff is loaded with salt makes the body freak out and try to get rid of it, and what's the best way to get extra salt out of the bloodstream?

Somewhere around halfway through the movie, the water was maybe 4/5 of the way done, and I'd definitely reached the part where my need to pee was starting to get more interesting than the movie. If I were anyone else I probably would have been shuffling around at this point, but I don't really do that unless I'm trying to put on a show. I sure do wish I could say I sat through this movie with a hand between my legs or something but that just ain't me. I just sat there, pretty damn calm, in a reclined chair with my legs still and separated.

A half hour later, two hours into the movie, I sent the discord three simple words: "Pretty full now"

Of course, I might have been full at that point but the bottle sure wasn't. About ten minutes after that message, I even told the server: "If I were completely alone here this empty 1L bottle would be pretty appealing

But I'm not"

I got a reply in the form of: "That's very unfortunate for all of us."

I would guess that it was around this point where I started feeling my body trying to relieve itself, but for one reason or another not being able to. It was, by all means, a fairly enjoyable feeling. I didn't even have to do anything about it, just sit back and feel my cock twitch. And every time it did, I felt like I was close to a leak. That feeling only got stronger as time went on, until after the spoilery-thing happened, when finally each twitch was accompanied by a feeling that I genuinely was going to start peeing very soon - but that never happened, the twitching just more frequent as I imagine my body tried its best to leak but for whatever reason didn't go through with it.

Just before the event, I sent a simple message to the server: "Gotta peeeee

Movie's at the good part so I ain't leaving unless it's absolutely necessary"

The response was: "Yeah, you definitely need to see what happens."

Then it was quiet for a few minutes, until shortly after the event.

"I saw the thing though so that's nice", I said. And this just happened to be a part with a good deal of running water on screen, so that was followed up with "This part sure ain't helping"

And it wasn't long after that when, for as much as I was enjoying the feeling of almost constantly being on the verge of leaking without actually doing it, I realized that one of the three conditions had been fulfilled.

"Half hour left", I said. "But I do need to quit, I'm feeling it in my back now

And that's bad"

So, despite whatever advice that one article on the best times to leave during Endgame would say - I didn't read that because I didn't plan on following its advice anyways, of course - I got up and walked remarkably calmly down to the lobby and headed directly to the bathroom which I had found with basically no issue.

I really do wish it were more interesting than that, but I always just get boring holds, so there's really not a whole lot to describe. I did, of course, know how I could make it interesting.

"Locked in a stall now to wait just a bit more", I said. Indeed, I'd gone directly to the one stall that wasn't handicap-reserved, undid my belt, unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans and... just stood there waiting. I knew I could, despite the fact that the hold had become painful and needed to be stopped, but if I'm going to wait past that point I'd greatly prefer it to be somewhere I can immediately deal with the issue whenever I need to.

I did take the opportunity to grab a (rather low-quality) bulge photo while I was there.

Spoiler

$$

Not long after doing so, I'd moved to sit, disrobed, on the toilet, still holding. I made sure to give my bladder a few of the (obviously) mandatory jabs and whatnot - it was firm, but still had a little give, so I was content to wait just a bit more.

"Someone's come in to piss and I still haven't" was the next message I sent to the discord - it was fairly self-explanatory, and I'd decided that I would have my turn after that guy left. I'd like to say the sounds he was making were torture but I really can't - there was enough pressure already that a little sound wouldn't make a difference. So I waited patiently for the room to be empty again, and as soon as it was...

I stood up, zipped up, buttoned up, and tied up the belt again. Just for that little extra bit of torment, I walked on out of the stall and to the most-distant urinal, then despite the fact that I absolutely didn't need to I went through that whole process in reverse a second time before I would let myself go.

And it was then that I decided that this wouldn't be the end - no, instead I had decided that I would only let out enough pee that the pain would go away. So despite how great it felt and the fact that my right leg was trembling as I stood, I forced myself to stop halfway. My body disagreed, and let out a few last spurts as a protest, but I was solidly in control once again. I must say though, it was a bit of a waste of a perfectly good crystal-clear stream.

So, when I got back to the movie, I was still half-full, and I estimated that there would still be a good twenty minutes left- the final battle had already started so I wasn't entirely sure what was going on, but I didn't really care. I didn't even really care that I was sure I would have been able to last to the end if not for the pain ruining the fun. After all, this was only the first part of the game, and though the game hadn't gone according to plan it could still be great fun.

There were no further issues until the end of the movie, and to my deep regret in retrospect I did not stay through the credits, awaiting the end-credit scene that I'd already heard didn't exist. If there had been one, I surely would have stayed to see it, and perhaps then I might have been in trouble. But as it was, I left as soon as the credits started to roll and headed off towards where I'd parked - which was unintentionally just about the farthest from the theater I possibly could have been, as I didn't actually know where the thing was until I got there and started wandering around looking for it.

Once in the car again, I sent another message to the tiny discord audience I had: "Good movie, good fun, but I'm not quite done yet"

"What's up next?" was the response. And two other people also said "yo" but I honestly don't know who they were talking to.

"Well, I'm in the car now, I brought stuff with the expectation that I'd get through the whole movie then drive home", I said. "Don't much want that to go to waste"

"Gonna see if I can find a quieter place to park here"

So I did. I pulled out and drove around the parking garage, eventually ending up onto the roof which was nearly entirely devoid of cars. There was an elevator and a trashcan not far from the ramp to get up to the roof, and of the half-dozen cars that were there, that was where half of them were. I made sure to look around to check for human life - there was none, except for some guy in a car not terribly far away that seemed to be too focused on his own business.

"What are you going to do next?" came the question from the discord. I responded with a picture.

Spoiler

$$

I'd brought puppy pads as a practical measure - I didn't really have anything better to protect the seats with in case of emergency - but since I'd committed to the game and my plans had changed, I didn't want to waste the perfectly-good opportunity I had.

"This is interesting."

"The puppy pad promises great things."

My entire two-person audience was on board with the concept, anyways.

"Can't totally get wet but this underwear is past due for being trashed so", I said.

"Best reason ever." was the response.

It did take some time to work up to actually making use of them. I decided first to move to the backseat, just because I'd be that tiniest bit harder to see if anyone happened to walk by. Then I carefully laid the pads on the seat - I'd brought two of them and had one just lying on top of the other, as I hadn't tested them beforehand to see if just the one could hold as much as I could. I really should have done that research first, but since I was now using them intentionally, I could keep track of them to make sure nothing happened that I didn't want.

Because, at this point, the only thing I wanted to get wet was my shorts, I then had to completely remove my shoes and pants, which got tucked under the seat as far from what I was doing as possible while still being in reach. Then I sat there, leaning forward with my head against the back of the driver's seat, phone in-hand browsing the org at random.

Even with the encouragement of org stories, it took some time to relax enough to get things moving. First, there was just a little spurt, but before long that was followed by a little stream. Weak and slow, which while not terribly exciting meant it'd be easier to keep things entirely under control. I kept peeing for a little while, further ruining the shorts that would have been trashed regardless, and carefully monitoring the pads to make sure nothing would get onto the seat or any other article of clothing.

I knew I wasn't entirely done when I stopped, but I didn't want to force anything either, so I took a moment to sit around in a puddle of my own making, waiting to see if anything more would happen, and when nothing did, the shorts came off and it and the pads ended up together as some ball of pissy trash - turns out the second pad hadn't been necessary, but that just meant it'd make a perfectly serviceable towel to make sure my ass and legs would be dry enough to redress.

Spoiler

$$

The description I gave the little discord audience sums up best what the situation was when I was ready to pull out and head off:

"So basically now I'm commando, pad's gone, and I'm only half empty

Gonna be fun when I get gome

Home"

And then for obvious safety reasons I sent no further messages at that point - it was a good half-hour drive if all went well, which meant plenty of time for the situation to deteriorate with no safety net and no room for error.

Though, I must admit, it was a rather uneventful drive - though I was certainly not empty I wasn't full either, and the only reason I didn't make it home is because the pain returned while I was essentially on the last stretch of major road before getting home. Technically, that road is a highway, but it basically only runs through commercial areas so it's functionally just a four-lane road. And that was fairly convenient, allowing me to stop at a Wendy's along the road for their bathroom when I decided I didn't want to deal with the pain the rest of the way home.

The only particular thing I can up with that may be of interest there is that it took a minute to drain what had been left behind the last two times - I really do have to wonder what the hell "half-empty" means if that's the case after a single damn quart of water and a bit of popcorn.

Overall, though, this whole experience... I see this as an absolute win.

