Wet sex...

Author: Rubic13

*000*2019-12-04 07:21

Right off the bat this story will involve wetting, sex, and a golden shower. As per forum rules nothing will be overtly explicit but it will contain things you could find objectionable.

A few weeks ago I asked my wife if we could try a wetting "scenario". She asked what I had in mind and I explained I wanted to try a bedwetting scene before sex. After explaining myself and walking her through the scene she agreed; as my wife can really squirt our bed already has a waterproof sheet on at all times, so we wouldn't ruin our mattress trying this.

A couple nights ago after she got home from work I asked if it would be okay to do the scene. She nodded and poured herself a big glass of water before we eased into our regular evening routine. After a while she says, "let's go upstairs". She didn't need to tell me twice.

We quickly got under the covers and got comfortable. In no time at all my wife was peeing her grey panties underneath the covers. She pretended to wake up discovering the wet bed and shyly "woke" me up too. She told me that she had an accident and wet the bed. She played the shy and embarrassed part to perfection.

I told her it was okay and that accidents happen. I told her she was still an incredible, beautiful woman. To which she asked, "am I still sexy"? In lieu of answering my hand slide down her body coming to rest on her soaking wet panties. I began to rub her through her panties until she begged me to pull them aside and enter her.

Again she didn't have to tell me twice. It was great, at one point she squirted completely resoaking her panties. As we laid there spent trying to decide who would hop in the shower first I felt the need to pee. She said I could shower first as she still needed a little more recovery time. Mustering my courage I asked if I could pee on her(specifically her p****, covered by her already soaked panties) before heading to the bathroom.

Now this isn't exactly new. I've asked to try this once before but in the moment I couldn't manage more than a few drops. My wife agreed, so I tried again. This time as my wife laid in her puddle I managed to release almost my whole bladder onto her. Seeing her panties redarken knowing it wasn't her fault was quite a thrill. Once I finished I checked to make sure that she was alright and that nothing had gone too far.

She told me she was fine and that nothing had gone too far or pushed beyond any boundaries. Knowing that she was okay I headed to the shower. As I just got the temperature adjusted my wife joined me and we discussed the scene as we cleaned up.

