The best jeans ever(I thought)

Author: Subway

*000*2021-02-21 08:43

So to give some context I am a 21 year old with an extremely small bladder. If i drink even half of a bottle of water I will be bursting to go in as little as half an hour if im not careful. This has led to many awkward interactions as I am sure you can guess. I am also a bit on the daring side and like to push myself to have accidents in public and get as close as possible to getting caught without ever actually being caught. This is where the best pair of jeans I ever purchased comes into play.

To start it off I bought a pair of tykables jeans for the times when I decide to go out in public in a diaper. The jeans are very comfortable and loose fitting and a very dark color so it hides diapers well. However they were very comfortable so I would occasionally wear them around my campus apartment from time to time. One night I had just finished a long session of gaming and had been through maybe 3 full bottles of coke. I had to go pretty bad but figured I could hold it since it had been a little over 5 years since my last genuine accident.

Plus I wasnt planning on holding it for long. I just wanted to take my trash out before heading off to bed since I had a lot of bottles and other things in the floor. I was squirming a bit as I put things into a trash bag but as I said previously I wasnt too worried. I walked towards the nearest dumpster which was about 50 yards away with the trash in hand. As I mentioned before I lived in a set of campus apartments with a few hundred students who were very active at night. This meant as I walked to the dumpster I probably had ten cars and 5 or so students walk past me. As i got to the dumpster I lifted the bag in the air and tossed it in the bin.

Right as I threw the bag however my bladder completely released. I stood there completely still just soaking my pants in the middle of the campus parking lot. The warmth running down my legs felt amazing and the jeans began to stick to my skin. For a second I forgot that there were a ton of people around me. I peed for maybe 30 seconds before the tank finally ran dry and I was able to get my bearings. My shoes and jeans were completely soaked and I stood in a very large puddle. A few students walked by as I was peeing but none of them seemed to notice anything strange. As I recalled that bit of information I looked down at my jeans to notice that the wet spot from my gigantic accident was not visible at all! This gave me some ideas. I quickly sprinting inside and began scheming on how I would have my next accident in the jeans.

Over the next few weeks I tested the jeans a few more times just to make sure that it wasn’t a fluke that my accident wasnt visible that night. After about five more attempts I was convinced that these jeans completely hid my accidents. Aside from the large puddles and pee dripping down onto the ground that is. I decided that I wanted to do the ultimate test to both see how good the jeans really were and excite myself by having the biggest public accident I have ever had. The next day I drank 3 bottles of water before class. I felt quite sick after this but I knew after the class was over I would be struggling to hold on and would have no choice but to wet myself. I sat through class just fine for about 30 minutes and thought to myself “just 45 more to go”.

As soon as I had that thought it hit me. Like a hammer the need to pee rushed through my body and I instantly doubled over. I struggled and struggled all throughout the class to keep my seat and pants dry. With about five minutes to go I lost control. For about five seconds I flooded my pants with a very loud hissing noise that im sure confused a few students near me. Thankfully I was able to stop it but I could tell that my seat and jeans were quite wet. If I had been wearing any other pants im sure the embarrassment would have been terrible but I had tested these jeans enough to know that the accident was probably not very visible at all. Even so I decided to wait until everyone else left the classroom to stand up and leave.

I felt the back of my pants and they were still dripping wet a bit but there was nothing I could do about it now. The relief the short accident gave me was now gone and I had to go to the bathroom more than ever before. I quickly walked to the spot that I had planned my public accident. I chose a tree in the middle of the quad. The quad was an area where all the campus buildings were connected. Meaning anywhere from 50-200 students were there at all times. I quickly walked over to the tree and leaned up against it and opened my phone. I had to go to the bathroom so bad but was already embarrassed of what happened in the classroom. I knew I couldn’t hold it much longer as I crossed my legs and readjusted my standing position over and over to try to help me hold it.

I finally chickened out and decided to try to sprint back to my apartment as I was too embarrassed to continue or go through with my plan. However it turns out the only thing keeping me from completely wetting myself was that I had been standing still. I took one step and quickly felt my bladder muscles tighten and subsequently completely relax. I began peeing in front of hundreds of students. There was no hiding this accident though because as I started peeing the hissing noise was incredibly loud and the streams were very easily visible running down my leg since I was completely flooding my pants after holding for as long as I physically could. A few students noticed and gave me strange looks but no one said anything. I peed and peed and it just wouldnt stop.

Finally after literally a minute and a half I stopped having an accident. As great as these jeans are it turns out if you soak them enough you will see every inch of embarrassment on them as the streams of pee that had left me so recently were very obviously stained on the jeans. I was incredibly embarrassed so I sprinted back to my dorm. However it turns out I wasn’t quite empty yet. As I entered my complex I had another urge hit me. Just a few more minutes I thought as I was almost home. Again as I took one more step I began having an accident in the middle of my complex. There was no hiding this one as my already wet pants had a very visible yellow puddle beneath them. Luckily no one was around to see it. I felt bad leaving a puddle on the floor so I quickly ran and grabbed some toilet paper and cleaned up my mess and ran into my apartment. I took off my drenched pants and decided that after the embarrassment I just felt I was never going outside without a diaper again.

