Inane ramblings of an omo beginner

Author: satanicpony

*000*2016-04-09 10:50

I have never been much of a wetter, but I have been watching wetting videos for quite a few years. I think the curiosity (and later arousal) came from seeing cartoon characters emerge into the whole Potty Break trope and suffering all the while. Now, having in mind that genitalia is involved and I do enjoy a bit seeing others suffer, I guess my omo fetish was inevitable.

To be honest, I have had only 3 wettings in real life and I don't know how tempted I am to have more. You see, the biggest problem I have is that I got a big bladder and very short patience. I could go for a whole day without taking a piss and I wouldn't grow desperate but rather annoyed. I rarely got to enjoy that euphoric feeling of just letting it all go on yourself, which kind of saddens me, but I guess that's how life goes.

My first wetting was actually a bed wetting when I was 17. It was a busy day at high school, I had many projects and homework, and by the time it was 10 PM I was an exhausted mess who immediately crashed into bed, forgetting to use the restroom. That night I had a dream of me desperately needing to go and rushing down a street, into a hospital (which made the need worse, since I got a needle phobia that I associate with hospitals, and fear only puts more pressure on my bladder), and while I was wandering in-dream those hospital corridors, my brain decided to troll me and it gave me a bathroom. 

At first I struggled to open it and when I finally did, I went to the urinal, to notice that my jeans wouldn't unzip. So after a bit of struggling, my dream finally lets me pull out my dick and piss... only for me to wake up to the feeling of warm liquid swelling down my legs and crotch. It was 3 in the morning and I had soaked the bed. Thank goodness my parents were out of town for the week. I was a bit embarrassed, but nevertheless it was fun!

My second wetting was when I was doing some fetish experimentation for my second ex-boyfriend. I didn't go for the whole day again, I was awake for 12 hours and had drunk 4 liters of beer and 1 of water. Of course, my ex being the asshole that he was, he mocked me and talked bad on me when he found out I was doing a holding, tell me shit like "it screws up the prostate". However, me being the stubborn egoist that I am, I kept holding just to spite him. He tried some yelling at me but it couldn't work, especially when he was shorter and younger than me. I held it for like 3 hours (and I probably would've held on some more!) if my room mates wouldn't have arrived to spoil my fun, saying they were bringing some chicks for a party. The last thing I needed was to wet myself in front of them, so I got up and went to the bathroom to relieve myself, which still felt great but a bit unfulfilling.

My third wetting was last year, not long after my breakup. I was a pretty emotionally scarred guy then and I just craved sex and all kinds of kink to escape the self guilt trip I was still going through. Then I decided to do a more serious one. Once again I went through the routine of not using the bathroom at all and this time I was drinking a lot. My parents were both working for the whole day, meaning the apartment was all mine and I could do whatever I wished. So I popped on the internet, read a few omo stories, watched some videos with waterfalls and oceans, and drank to my heart's desires: 2 liters of water, 2 of wine and then I went for my dad's bottle of Jack Daniels. 

By that time it was 4 PM, 3 hours had passed and I felt my bladder fill, but not really to the point of desperation. I tried applying some pressure to it, either manually or sitting in certain positions, but nothing. I felt my dick had urine in it, but I didn't feel that desperate sensation of being overflowed and needing to go. I tried drinking the Jack too, but the feeling of burning that it gave me made me want to go for a session of drunken wooziness, thing which I couldn't afford when I wanted to do a wetting. So I stood and waited, read more stories, watched some videos, hell I even wrote some lyrics for my band, but nothing came and it was almost 6 in the evening!

So I thought: Fuck it, I'll just wet myself here and now. But then my penis decided to troll me and not let anything go out easily. Just great, what else could go wrong? Then I heard the door unlock, my dad left his office earlier, fuck! So I jumped off my chair, shirtless and wearing only a pair of short pants as I was, and I sought refuge in my sheets. When he came to ask me what was going on, I simply blamed it all on a fever and dismissed him with the whole "I'll be better tomorrow" speech. Fortunately he bought it, so he went to the kitchen and ate for like half an hour (typical of him), then he dressed up for sports and left. 

My mom was coming home at 8, so I had to finish the whole wetting then and there. Fortunately, the shock I got from my father's visit helped a bit, as I felt my dick getting filled and almost to the point of a desperation. Then and there I decided to fuck it all and finally let go. The feeling was amazing, I could feel all that warmth fill my pants and wet both my crotch and legs, as well as swell all the way to my ass. It lasted for like a minute or so, but I enjoyed it somewhat. I then put my pants in the washer along with the sheets (they were dirty anyway) and I quickly took a bath. None were the wiser.

Sadly these were all of my omo expriences, and while I would love to experiment some more in the future, time/patience and a good spot would be an issue. I could try something if my renter is gone for a night, but as far as I'm concerned, this will have to wait a bit.

Thanks for the read and sorry for boring y'all!

