Gaming Holds?

Author: Curiousanon

*000*2016-11-14 22:11

I wanted to create a new forum for this idea to see what others would say about it. Does anyone else like the idea of using Omorashi as an extra challenge for a video game?

I had a few different ideas and hoped maybe I'd get some advice (as well as some more general advice.

I thought of this the first time when playing Bayonetta 2 and was fighting Alrunae, it wasn't the most fun experience but I really like the idea even still.

Another thought was the idea of any Omo loving gamers to maybe stream (pardon the pun) playing a game whilst desperate.

Anyone else into the idea or have advice for me?

$$

*003*2016-12-10 22:45

{{On 11/16/2016 at 11:54 AM, ShiveringWarm said:

Completing the tutorial;

News flash, every single streamer on twitch is human (except "twitch plays pokemon" and bot accounts, I guess)

Which means that, crazy thought, every single one of them needs to pee.

Advice: just go wander though the lists of people playing all day (there are no shortage of those) and then

Strike up a conversation to introduce yourself and get them interacting with you using game mechanics

If you put the effort in to keep them engaged, you will have the ability to tie them up with text until the fidget level reaches >9000 (pardon the meme)

Still uncertain if it's worth the time investment? Find a lonely day drinker, they are practically asking for interaction.

& don't feel guilty! You can always panic and hit pause anytime glhf

}}

I like that idea, but at the same time I'm also guessing that 99.9% of twitch streamers are NOT into omorashi. I more feel like I'd want to try with someone who's full on planning and into it, though certainly some time I'll see if I can actually tie up a streamer some time.

*007*2016-12-11 19:31

{{11 hours ago, OmoAl said:

Whenever I'm doing a hold, it'll pretty much always be during a game. Apart from anything else it gives me something to do while I'm waiting for the water I've drunk to kick in. Sometimes I like to set myself challenges like "don't pee until you find a toilet in game your character can use" and so on, which is fun. I don't stream it or anything though personally

}}

Yeah, I more just mention streaming it because 1: on the streamer side you'd have evidence that you were actually holding as well as motivation (the latter I desperately need, no pun intended) 2: as the watcher it'd be fun to see someone squirm whilst trying to take on the boss just hoping to everything that they don't spring a leak whilst concentrating.

{{7 hours ago, Unimatrix0 said:

Oh, totally. I've Minecrafted while desperate before, interesting experience. It makes you hyperaware but hasty XD And you better prey that a creeper doesn't get the drop on you and make you leak...

}}

I'm going to remember that one.

