Times my ex wet herself

Author: supernerd222

*000*2018-04-20 03:30

As is tradition, I'd like to share some stories of when my ex peed her pants. I hope you enjoy them, even though they're not all that special.

"Mindy", my ex, was a short chubby Chinese-Canadian girl. She was about 5'5, a little darker-skinned than you might think, wore glasses, and kept her hair a bit shorter than shoulder length. She always said she had a small bladder, and there were many times throughout our relationship where I got to see her desperate. She also had minor stress incontinence ("two drops") when she had a cold, and she told me that she wet the bed until she was 12. However, there were only three times where I saw her have a real, consequential accident (consequential meaning large enough that she couldn't ignore it). These are those stories.

I.

The first time I saw Mindy have an accident is a really hot memory. Part of the reason for that is that when it happened, she didn't know about my fetish. In time, I would get to see her pee her pants again, but I would never get to see her react to it with the same genuine embarrassment and frustration. After I told her about my fetish, she was much more nonchalant when she had an emergency or an accident around me, because she knew that I was getting turned on instead of repulsed.

It was Saturday, she had slept over at my place, and we decided to spent the morning checking out the farmer's market near my house. It was at a school a few blocks away, maybe a fifteen minute walk. The weather was nice, and we spent probably an hour checking out different things for sale. I picked up some things to go with dinner, and we got smoothies. We started to head back, and almost right away she said that she had to pee. My whole body went cold and my dick was like heyyyyy. Right from the start, her attitude was resigned and frustrated, like she knew she wasn't going to make it. We picked up the pace a bit, and she went on what I'd describe as a rant about her bladder. 

"Ugh, I hate having a small bladder... this is the kind of thing that got me in trouble on car trips as a kid...", things like that. It sounds fake, and it's such an omo story cliche for someone to talk about their history of wetting their pants immediately before wetting their pants. It's true though. I can only guess that she was trying to prepare me for the possibility she wouldn't make it.

When we got to the block my house was on, I gave her the key so that she could go ahead. I saw her run up to the house, unlock the front door, and go in. I wasn't far behind, and when I got there, I put the produce in the fridge and went downstairs to my room. I went on my computer and started checking my email. I saw Mindy come in and make a bee-line for the closet. She went in and closed the door behind her (I had a walk-in closet at this place). 

The flip-side of her not knowing about my fetish at this point was that I was working hard to hide how turned on I was so as to not out myself. That meant I couldn't swivel around and try to get a good look at her pants as she went past, so I don't actually know how big an accident it was. All I saw was her going into the closet, then coming out a minute later wearing different pants. I believe she put her wet pants in her purse and took them home later, because I never found them. We both pretended nothing had happened for the whole afternoon, made dinner, and had really good sex later.

II.

The second incident was only a few months later, but by then she knew about my fetish. It's the least exciting of these stories, but I'll include it for completeness. She was on the way to my place on the bus. I was cooking dinner, and we were texting. To get to my house, it was a short (maybe 7 minute) walk from the bus stop. She sent me a text along the lines of "I really have to go, I might even leak on the bus". 

A few minutes later, I heard her knock on the door. When I opened it, she pushed right past me and sprinted downstairs to the bathroom. I kept cooking, and eventually she came up, once again wearing different pants. I sort of teasingly asked her "what happened to your other pants?" For some weird reason, her response is the hottest part of this episode for me. Instead of saying "I had an accident" or "I wet myself" or whatever, she sort of shrugged and said "they got wet." As if it was a completely passive process that had nothing to do with her. Instead of being embarrassed this time, she was completely casual about it, and as a bonus, this time she left her dirty laundry in my hamper. The whole crotch of her shorts and underwear was wet.

III.

This time was over a year later. I was living in a different place which was a short walk from a couple who we were close friends with. Their hobby was homebrew fruit wine which was absolutely deadly and way too sweet for the amount of alcohol in it. Most Saturday evenings, me and Mindy would go over to their place and we'd all get drunk and talk shit. This particular night, we left their place pretty late. Their apartment building was right next to a park that you had to walk through to get there. The park had a public bathroom, and when we got near it, Mindy let go of my hand and went over to it. Of course, it was closed since it was nearly midnight. She sighed deeply. We considered phoning our hosts and getting them to let her back in to use the bathroom, but it seemed way too rude and awkward since we had just left and they said they were going to bed. The nearest bathroom that might be open was at the gas station up the street, and it was a fair distance away.

Mindy was really desperate, and as we walked she sometimes stopped to bend over of grab her crotch or cross her legs. There was a set of stairs down to a parking lot, and she contemplated popping a squat on them, but I said it was a bad idea: it was totally visible from the street, and what if a cop rolled past? Later she told me that by then, she was leaking a little bit with nearly every step she took, and that it was starting to run down her legs. I couldn't tell, because she was wearing a skirt and black leggings and it was dark. She also told me that the only reason she didn't give up and let herself have an accident was that she didn't think she had any clean pants at my house (although it didn't really matter because we ended up doing laundry anyway). Well, eventually we got to the gas station, and from the sidewalk I watched her run in, get the bathroom key, and disappear into the back. When she came out, we finished walking home and went to bed.

