Wet my pants outside my door accident!

Author: KittyWet202

*000*2012-04-24 02:08

Hiii :3 im katie but call me kitty<3 im 18 and i love omorashi~ its so cute :3 i have brown hair past my breast and hazel eyes.btw white bikini panties.wearing blue legging and a baby blue tanktop ^w^

Anyway this is my first story so dont be rude xD

It starts off today i drank tons of tea early in the morning! my bladder felt jiggly, i felt the tea as i walked xDD through class i fidgeted and got desperate but not tooo desperate.

So im going to make this shorter, but im now bursting after class... i leak if i walk to fast.

I finally make it to my car but when i walk near i feel a short spurt. i quickly grab myself and look at the damage in my car. theres a tiny spot the size of an egg! i start driving and just my luck... tons of red lights! -__- while im driving im rocking back and forth clutching myself. i feel cold sweats from holding it so long! i felt shakey! then i longer spurt came out, i check and the egg size is now a baseball o.o it made a spot on my seat the size of a quarter.

I'm almost home, im so happy i do a little squeal~! as im pulling up i do i small spurt but i dont even bother to check and im racing out of my car.theres dirt and plants around my front door,so as im approaching it and quickly look for my keys but then my instant reaction is to squat down and i cant even help it but i spurt loudly hearing my wee hissing hitting my panties. then i loose it! still squatting my pee sprays my butt leaving it warm and soggy... sooo goood~ i hear my pee loudley hitting the dirt below me. then i stand up letting spread across my thighs leaving cute little marks as it grows down my legs~ mmm!<3

After im done i begin to find my keys then look at the damage in side more. my panties are yellow >\\< and my pants are so soaked. i hide them in my closet. i dont want my roommate to know! o.o

It got me really aroused and i had some fun with myself(; teehee<3 well before my roommate got hom of course.

Sorry if its bad, im new! hope you like thoo!



