First Post!

Author: dead account

*000*2019-11-29 14:59

Hi everyone!

I've just made this account after lurking on this site for ages! I thought I'd share one of my favourite experiences I've had with wetting!

So this happened a few weeks ago, I was home alone for most of the day, and I decided I'd try to do a reallllly big hold. So I started drinking many cups of water as soon as I woke up. I started out with two, and as the hours went by I drank more and more. I had started drinking around 9am, and by about 1pm I was getting quite desperate, I knew that if I wanted to wet I was going to have to do it before 3pm, as that's when people were getting home then. So I drank even more water, at this point I think I was at around 6 or 7? As for my desperation, I was at about an 8/10.

Then I decided I'd go onto omegle.com to see if I could find anyone else holding, turns out there were many people there if you put the right tags in! So I met this girl on there who had been holding for 9 hours (crazy rights??) and we decided we'd continue holding together and wet together. So at about 2pm I was getting really desperate, she was as well, I was at about a 9.5/10 by now. I knew I couldn't last much longer. So I thought f*ck it, I'd go down to piss myself in my roommates shower. (I cleaned up after don't worry!) I'm down there, with my laptop, on my knees, constantly squirming and doing a potty dance to stop myself.

But all of a sudden the girl I was chatting with on omegle let go, then I immediately caved in and started pissing. It felt so warm rushing out of me through my boxers onto the tiled floor. The release from such a long hold was orgasmic. I think I peed solidly for well over a minute, and then for a few more minutes a bit more dribbled out bit by bit. For some reason the girl disconnected immediately after, so I just closed my laptop and figured I'd deal with my horniness alone.

So there I was, in my roommates shower, covered in my piss, masturbating. I cannot put it into words how good it felt you guys, but my orgasm was definitely the best one I've ever had. I didn't take any pictures, next time I get the chance to do something like this, I'll try to remember to take photos for y'all!

