Close calls in Iceland

Author: Max1990

*000*2020-07-04 00:57

Thought I’d share a few experiences my partner and I had in Iceland a few years ago. He’s not into the fetish so I don’t think he found any of it enjoyable which made me really stressed at the time but I look back on it fondly.

Our time there included a few different long bus rides to other parts of the island and surprisingly enough, none of those busses had bathrooms. They were otherwise built like charter busses but the exclusion of bathrooms made for a couple of interesting experiences.

The first, we were taking a day trip to see some of the geysers and beaches. Our first destination was about an hour away and we left right after lunch. We each brought a bottle of water for the ride and he finished his kind of quickly. A little later he mentioned to me that he really had to pee. Obviously this immediately spiked my interest, but I also started getting really stressed out because as much as I enjoy the fetish, I like for it to be in a controlled environment and I don’t like it when other people are experiencing that distress. It was a confusing mix of feelings. We didn’t know how far away we were from our destination which didn’t help either.

The bus had four seats per row, two on each side of the aisle, so it was just him and I in our immediate area. He asked if it would be bad if he put his jacket on his lap and peed in the empty water bottle. My interest peaked once again. He covered himself with the jacket so he could be ready if he got too desperate but still wanted to hold off for as long as he could. This seemed to go on forever as I was sitting there just sweating thinking about how stressful this was but also how exciting it would be if he tried to pee in a bottle on the bus without anyone noticing.

After a little while the driver announced we would be coming to our stop soon but I kind of doubted there would be any bathrooms since it was a remote rock formation in the middle of absolutely nowhere. He seemed relieved though, and confident he could make it. As soon as the stress from that went down I realized I also needed to pee pretty badly (probably just the thought of not knowing when we would see a bathroom next drive the urgency)

We pulled up to our destination and I was right, there was no bathroom. There were however plenty of rocks to hide behind by this point my partner was practically bent over, hobbling to the nearest boulder. There was no way I was gonna miss that epic piss so I ran after him and we both power pissed behind the rocks together. It was soooo satisfying and knowing how badly he needed it was such a turn on for me. There’s also just something about power pissing in nature: the freedom combined with the sound of a hard stream hitting the dirt and rocks is amazing.

Funnily enough, the stop we made after that was only about ten more minutes away and had a bathroom but I’m obviously happy we had the experience we did.

I witnessed a couple other close calls from other people on this trip, I’ll write more in the thread later on

