Halloween mishap

Author: Omo-Bomber

*000*2022-01-11 04:41

To start of I should mention that this happened around 2016....this is very important, Also I will be using fake names of friends for privacy reasons lol.

So on Halloween of 2016, My friends and I decided to go on our last trick or treat run, there were four of us

There was Me, my friend Amy, Jared, and Mary.

To give you guys a good image of what we were wearing our costumes were as follows:

I was Spider-man

Amy was a modern vampire [think genderbent Edward from twilight]

Mary was a classic vampire [think genderbent dracula]

And Jared was Sans, since undertale was in it's peak in popularity at the time.

So on the day of halloween, once we got home from school we went to get ready. I put my costume on, grabbed my pillowcase and went over to Jared's house, we bullshit for a few minutes before going over to Amy and Mary's house [they both lived next to eachother] now since Amy's costume was just jeans, tanktop, and a flannel, she was out quickly, Mary though, had a really hard to put on costume, so while we were waiting on her we got some drinks and chilled outside until she was ready. She got out pretty much as soon as trick or treating started, so off we went, now we pretty much cleared our neighborhood in about 10-15 minutes, and didn't have much candy. Wanting more we went to the neighborhood that was right behind ours. to give a good visual on how that was set up here is a shitty map I drew in MS Paint:

$$

Now keep in mind we have never been in this neighborhood before, so it was all brand new to us, which is probably what fucked us later on, and we all didn't have a good enough signal to use google maps, so if we got lost we were screwed. about 10 minutes into the new neighborhood, Amy says she has to pee, with her mentioning this suddenly the urge hits me too, having to just tough it out until we go home we continue, though not before getting lost...twice.

We keep hitting up houses, with both Amy and I's bladder filling more and more by the minute, and with it being extremely chilly outside (with it being late October and all) it did not help our case at all, and by the time trick or treating is winding down Amy and I end up becoming super desperate for the bathroom, though I was a bit better at hiding it than she was.

Eventually we come to a house that has an...odd setup to say the least, we approach to get our candy, but then Amy says that she needs a minute before going up, clearly on the brink as she is now bouncing up and down, with one hand digging into her crotch. We walk up to the house and see the following (remember that it's 2016 so be ready) there was a guy in a gorilla costume standing perfectly still [we didn't know, but I had a gut feeling, which may have saved my suit as you will see in a minute] and next to him was a sign that says, I shit you not, "#dicksoutforharambe #harambe4prez" and as we walk by I give him a look, and nod to him, as I was suspicious that it was a guy in a suit.

We grab our candy and Amy passes us, hobbling up the porch stairs, as we finally walk on the street ready to wait on her we hear two loud screams, first one sounding like a guy impersonating a monkey, the second sounding like a girl who pissed herself in fear, which is exactly what happened, I whip my head around to see Amy covering her face, knees bent down in a almost squatting position, and what looked like a waterfall streaming down her legs and onto the concrete, it was clear to anyone who was watching, Amy was pissing herself.

The guy in the gorilla suit apologizes, and the people handing out candy do so as well, giving her the rest of the bowl even because they felt bad (and trick or treating was drawing to a close) and we all try to console her, saying how we should have gone home and should have asked a random house to use the bathroom, or even let her pop a squat near a tree. She tells us not to worry about it, and that we should just head home. As we headed back though, I realized that watching Amy wet herself may have made my need much, much worse....

To be continued tomorrow when I write the rest

*002*2022-01-11 06:15

{{32 minutes ago, umbilicalnoose said:

James Joyce btfo

}}

????

