Grade school accident

Author: jj152637

*000*2018-07-31 23:51

Hey so it's my first post here. I have been interested in wetting/ peeing in various places around my house or yard for as long as I can remember. Now that I'm older I dont get to indulge as often as I would like, but from time to time the urge hits me and so here I am lol.

This is a story from when I was in 4th grade and had my first unintentional accident since being potty trained.

I remeber having to pee before heading out to recess, but not enough I thought I'd have a problem holding it until after. Going out to play was obviously more important. It was snowing so getting dressed to go outside already used up valuable playing time. I was a very shy kid who liked playing alone and hated telling anyone I needed to pre and hated asking to go to the bathroom.

About halfway through recess the cold was having a huge effect on my bladder and I was beginning to wonder if I made the right choice not going to the bathroom before heading outside. I didn't want to ask the teacher to go bc I was too embarrassed, so I continued playing. Five minutes later I decided I REALLY needed to go and I'd just have to ask to use the bathroom. Except I was across a huge field and had to walk a long distance to get to the school, not counting the walk to the bathroom.

My bladder gave another pang as a warning telling me to hurry up. I'm not sure if anyone realized I needed to pee, but I know was was walking very awkwardly trying to hold it together. I made it across the field and another stronger urge hit me. This time I had to drop onto my heel to help me hold it it. By now anyone looking at me could tell I had to pre badly. I was shaking and squirming cramming my heel into myself trying to regain control. I managed to get enough control back to walk another 10 feet or so and I was hit with another bad urge. Again I was crushing myself onto my heel squirming desperately trying to to pee. My bladder had other plans and began contacting forcefully. I stayed in my potty dance while wetting myself in my snowpants at the side of the building. It felt so good to finally be empty and my jeans were absolutely soaked inside my snow pants.

Luckily the snow pants kept my legs warm so I didn't get cold during the rest of recess. I was dreading having to go back into class knowing my pants were soaked. Luckily I came up with the story my pants leaked, which was somewhat believable bc as I said my jeans were completely soaked. I have no idea if anyone knew I really wet my pants or not, but my mom brought me dry pants for the rest of the day and no one ever said anything.

