Artist At Heart

Author: YumYum

*000*2010-10-08 01:30

Ok, so I thought you all might like to hear my experiences and such.

I remember that it was a Saturday night or something. It was late at night too, and the TV was on. However I had no interest in what was on, since I was in the mood for some omorashi.

Now at the time I was ten or eleven or so, and I was beginning to mature. But with that comes stupidity, and perhaps creativity.

So anyway I was trying to think of what fun way I could experience desperation when suddenly I got an idea to create myself a diaper. Out of paper towels. lol what.

But I used up like two rolls or so for that thing and I was very careful to shape it so that no leaks would spring. Once I was done with the actual diaper I drew a picture on it. It was of Calvin and Hobbes. I've always been an artist so I was quite proud of my drawing, since I sucked at drawing them. So, I skipped off into the other room to show my Mom. Yes, my mother.

I put the makeshift diaper on and proudly walked in. I then excitedly declared, "Look Mom! I made underpants!" Since I didn't want to tell her it was a diaper I had made, but now I'm stuck trying to think about what the difference would have been to her.

She was actually quite impressed. She said it was very good and since I no longer had anything cool to show her I went back to watch TV. All I had to do now was wait.

The night droned on, and I drank lots of water while watching TV. Eventually my mother came in to watch too. I hid the fact that I was still wearing the diaper with the convenience of a blanket. Underneath there I tried to squirt a bit but it was too hard, so I just held myself and squirmed.

Then it happened. I was able to jet out squirts of pee, but they weren't frequent just yet. They were slow and kind of unwilling to leave my bladder. But with time they became easier to release.

Then I knew that if I wanted to continue I would have to move elsewhere, since I didn't want to get the couch wet. I got up and went to the bathroom, closed the door behind me and immediately started rubbing my legs against each other to try and hold back the urine inside me. I was ready to pee, but I wanted to have a little bit of fun first.

So after that it was time to wet. I stood still and started to pee a little, but stopped because I then realized I might have to clean up the floor, so I got a beach towel, laid it smoothly on the floor, and lied down on it while I peed my paper towel diaper. It soaked my diaper completely and it got on the towel a little, too. I had to stop because I didn't want my pee to saturate the towel all the way through. So I sat up and moved around on the towl a bit, spurting here and there but then my diaper was really getting soggy to the point that the Calvin and Hobbes fanart I had drawn on it was really messed up. I was somewhat disappointed about that.

I climbed up onto the bathroom sink and sat, finishing up there. I stayed in there for possibly a half an hour or so, wetting myself multiple times. It was exhilarating.

Eventually I finished up, since I was sure my Mom was getting suspicious by now, and I washed out the paper towel mess and the actual towel itself, then waited for them to dry. I washed myself and put on some new underwear, then went back out and watched TV for the rest of the night.

That diaper I made? I still have it. It's in an old shoebox, shredded to pieces so that others wouldn't know what it was. But what looks like useless junk to them is a keepsake of my very special night. It's one of the most memorable ones, too.

*002*2010-10-08 01:38

{{ 

Wow, that's really interesting. Definitely a creative way to do that. I'm quite amazed.

}}

Thanks, bro!

Only now do I realize how risky that was, too. My Mother hasn't said anything to me yet, but still.

*004*2010-10-08 01:46

{{ 

That sounds like an awesome experience. I've also used paper towels but never did I make a diaper out of it.

}}

I was quite skilled with scissors. Too bad I'm not sure if I can still hold up to that standard or not. D:

Thanks, dude.

*006*2010-10-08 02:31

{{ 

Wow.. that sound kind of fun.. tobad i could never find time for that >.>

}}

Awww. Well I'm sure you will one day!

C:

*009*2010-10-09 04:13

{{ 

That sounds so awesome to do, yet i feel so upset that i will never be able to do it...;-;

}}

Thanks for your kinds words.

Don't feel upset! You probably could, but if you still live with your parents it's a bitch to plan. I still have no idea how I managed to get away with it.

{{ 

I'd probably never do something like that. Maybe an uncreative near-identical thing, but what you did, I'd never be able to make it.

}}

I doubt I'm the only one who thought of this, really.

Hm, maybe I'll try it again and if I get it right, make a tutorial or something?

*013*2010-10-09 18:24

{{ 

It's not a matter of me thinking of it, it's just the fact that I would not have the patience and the ability to make it myself.

}}

Ohhh now I see what you mean. I'm sorry, English isn't my native language so I suck sometimes.

*016*2010-10-10 03:14

{{ 

Oh wow, I did not know that. Yeah...I tend to use fancy English, so it might be hard to understand me sometimes, sorry.

}}

Haha, well by all means use your fancy English. It's the only language I speak now anyway.

