I think I'm a bedwetter now!

Author: Soggysheets

*000*2020-03-12 17:23

About a year ago, I decided I wanted to become a permanent bedwetter (blah blah blah, I know what I want), and wore diapers nightly for almost a year and having a rare accident every couple weeks but I pretty much gave up a couple months ago and started wearing just when i felt like it, about a month ago, I woke up SOAKED, no diapers, just underpants and a pair of gym shorts and an undershirt and I pretty much soaked em all. Bed was soaked, took ages to clean up. When I went to bed the next night, I diapered up and woke up with a soaked diaper, I'm now averaging between 3 and 6 wet nights a week and am thrilled, I sleep better and waking up wet is one of my favorite feelings ever. I just felt like I wanted to share!

*002*2020-03-12 21:14

{{1 hour ago, CarmenCD said:

It's a mind thing. I had occasional bedwetting accidents for year, but most of nights I woke up, when I had to use a bathroom. Because I can't hold it throughout the night and hate cleaning my bed in the morning even a few times per month, I started to wear diapers. But after I started to wear diapers, I gradually started to pee in my sleep more and more regularly. Nowadays I can't go to bed without them any more, because I rarely wake up when I need to pee. It's all well and nice, because I sleep better, but it's really embarrassing when I want to sleep with someone and have to tell them I have to wear diapers, otherwise I'll wet myself and we will wake up in wet bed. It's not very attractive for most people and I usually don't want to stay the night and go home after the fun is over and rarely invite anyone over to my place to sleep over.

}}

Well, im thrilled with it, i used to wake up either middle of the night or first thing in the morning literally bursting, sleeping through the night is nice. Atm i have a lovely boyfriend who happens to be a little as well so he doesnt care either way. And nobody sleeps in my room anyway its too small for anybody but me lol.

*004*2020-03-15 04:07

{{16 minutes ago, scretkiddo said:

Congratulations! That's great! Glad to hear you were actually able to become a bedwetter again. It's something I really want to do too if I'm being honest. Waking up wet just feels amazing!

}}

As I mentioned, I nearly gave up, it took almost a year of wearing to bed before it became a habit, since then it's not just waking up that I love, it's the quality of sleep. I used to wake up, BURSTING to pee and now I sleep right through it.

