A wet walk

Author: BritishKatexo

*000*2016-05-11 11:44

I have recently discovered wetting and I'm surprised at how good it feels when you finally let go and the warm pee runs down your legs. I was inspired by you all to do something a bit more public than I'm used to. I have often let out small spurts into my jeans or leggings in public but stopped before it's too noticeable! Today I was drinking a glass of water when I felt the urge too pee. I then has the irresistible thought of wetting myself but I was not desperate enough yet. I downed my glass of water and another and made myself a big cup of tea. Tea always makes me desperate to pee so it is my go to drink when I want to feel desperate!

I did some work and some cleaning and soon enough I felt my bladder bulging beneath my trousers, screaming at me to go and pee. I ignored it and decided to go for a walk in the park. It wasn't until I left the house that I realised how desperate I had become. I let out a little spurt into my knickers but regained control. I found the quickest route to the park and was leaking slightly as I powered on. As I was walking it started to rain a bit so I thought this was my chance. I held on until I reached the park by which point I was squirming in desperation. As the weather was so bad there was hardly anyone around. A few dog walkers passed me but noone else. I stood on the path, opened my legs and gave in to the overwhelming urge.

I immediately felt warm pee fill up my knickers and leak down my legs. My instinct told me to stop but I could not. I continued to flood my trousers and a huge puddle formed in my little black pumps and all around my feet. I watched as my puddle of pee trickled down the path. I was so aroused. It suddenly began raining very hard and the puddle soon washed away. My trousers were very patterned so it was not too obvious that I had wet myself. However, they clung to my legs and my shoes were squeaking as I walked. A lady passed me but she did not seem to notice. I sat on a bench before leaving the park to assess the damage. I was completely soaked. While I was there I let out another gush and I watched as it fell through the gaps in the bench and splashed onto the concrete beneath. My bladder was completely empty now so I headed home.

On my way I paused at a corner as my bladder was starting to fill again. By this point the rain was so heavy that nobody noticed as my pee gushed out down my legs yet again. I was dripping with every step and finally made it home where I squatted in my doorway looking for my keys and let out that last bit of urine.

I got home and took of my trousers. I noticed the wet patch on my knickers had made a heart shape. I had a massive grin on my face for my first complete wetting in public.

