First accident on a bus

Author: Livesy5950

*000*2016-08-01 16:47

Today I experienced my first ever public wetting. I'm still not sure how I feel about it!

I had been to an induction for a new job first thing in the morning, so I was wearing a pair of translucent tights, a tight black skirt (I'm not ashamed to say I use my curves to further my career) and a pair of small heels. During the induction, I happily accepted water and coffee in the August warmth. By the time I left, I did feel like I could've done with using the toilet, but felt a little bit shy/ awkward and decided to wait. I'm new to the area and a friend had asked to meet for lunch in an unfamiliar place, and so it took me well over an hour on the underground and buses to arrive at the pub. Unfortunately, there aren't toilets anywhere on the underground (what are people supposed to do?!) so I was pretty desperate by the time I arrived.

When I arrived, there was already a bottle of Pinot Grigio on the table and I was so excited to see the girls after well over a year! Because of this, my bladder took a back seat and I forgot about my desperation. We sat and enjoyed dinner whilst I subconsciously tapped my foot on the floor. Sipping, chatting, laughing. The toilet was not a priority. Once we had finished wine and dinner I stood up. My bladder screamed out at me and I had a pain in my tummy I only remember experiencing once before (at a very, very close call). I knew I needed to use the toilet soon but the girls were hugging each other goodbye and asked if I'd like to walk with them back to their work to continue the conversation. I took a risk and accepted the invitation, with my intention to use the toilet at the nearest train station.

As I was walking I was having to put one foot directly in front of the other, as to be able to squeeze myself a little bit as I waddled. It only took about 10 minutes to get back to work but my heart was racing as I started to realise there was a genuine risk of me wetting myself. I hurriedly kissed the girls goodbye, giving myself a gentle squeeze as we hugged so that nobody would notice, and set off on my way. Unfortunately, as I wandered off, one of the girls shouted me as she hailed a bus down and told me it would take me straight home. I wasn't in a position to refuse as I had no idea how to get home otherwise.

I sat and rocked in my seat as the bus vibrated my bladder, twisting and wincing with every turn. After about 5 minutes, I decided to check my Maps app to see how much longer the bus would take, and to my horror I found out it would be another 25 minutes. I desperately rang the bell so that I could get off and find the nearest toilet. As I did this, I grabbed at my crotch, but was unable to squeeze myself as my skirt was so tight. The bus screeched to a halt and I realised we were stuck in traffic waiting to cross a bridge. As my panic set in, I felt myself lose control for a second and I dribbled into my knickers for the first time since I was 10.

This was the moment I realised there was no way I would be able to make it home without wetting myself. I held myself by putting my hand underneath my bum, although it didn't help much. There was a man next to me that knew exactly what was happening but as I was slowly starting to leak in my skirt I was past caring. As the bus finally started to slow, I stood up to prepare myself to exit. I desperately tried to crouch and cross my legs, and as I did the bus stopped with shudder and I was forced to stamp my foot forward to steady myself. This is when I started to wet myself uncontrollably. First a big squirt came out.

Then I tried to grasp at myself through my skirt, pulling it up and bending at the knees. I could feel the warm liquid slowly seep into my tights and started tearing up when I saw pale lines appear in the fabric. It was still dripping out slowly when I jumped off the bus, but the step down was too much. The rest poured out down my legs, leaving a puddle and dark stain on the pavement below me, and temporarily stopping the people waiting to jump on the bus I had just weed on. I could feel it creeping up my bum and in the back of my tights.

I went for a walk around the park after this, so to dry off in the warm breeze a bit before I got home and had to face my boyfriend. My knickers and tights were completely soaked and my boyfriend knew there was something up when I jumped in the shower as soon as I got back. I came clean about what had happened, and I'll never forget it.

*003*2016-08-26 08:16

Thanks guys!! Yeah, the people waiting to get on the bus at the other door did. They all looked for a second and then turned away pretending they hadn't. I ran home after that not paying attention to anybody. He laughed at me!

