First Outdoor Wetting

Author: Immersed

*000*2017-08-06 07:57

Hi,

I don't normally post much, nor do I normally do outdoor holds, but after today I thought I would share my experience.

For a bit of background on me, for the next day or two I'm in a position where I can wet whenever I want, so I guess you could say I'm taking complete advantage of it ;)

I also normally appreciate when the female stories have a physical description of the protagonist, so in the interest of fairness; I'm in my early 30s, over six foot, brown hair, blue eyes and reasonably fit, but not ripped. Today I was wearing blue cotton boxer briefs, a grey long sleeve buttoned V-neck with the sleeves rolled up and colorful board-shorts.

So with my 48 hours of complete freedom, I decided to take the dog for a walk along a particular beach which is normally pretty quiet and about a 20 minute drive away. Prior to leaving I'd already had a couple of glasses of water, so was about 5/10, not too bad, but normally wouldn't have left the house without using the toilet first. My intention for the trip was to get really desperate with no option other than to wet, however driving in with my desperation not really growing, and I was concerned that if it stayed at this level it wouldn't be much fun.

Fortunately I needed some fuel, so dropping in at the closest petrol station to the beach, decided to fill up and grab a drink to polish off before I got there. The moment I got out of the car I felt my need increase drastically. Shit, did I even need this extra drink? probably not, but lets do it anyway. Once I'd filled up and going inside, I picked up 500ml of peach flavored iced tea, paid for it and the fuel and left.

I managed to drink the entire bottle by the time we got to the beach, and as I hopped out of the car to get the dog, I noticed the desperation had risen to about 6-7 out of 10. We left the car park and headed out to the sand. The first thing I noticed was how peacefully pleasant the soft sand and gentle breeze was. For a moment I forgot about my need and upcoming antics and just enjoyed the tranquility of the surroundings.

The tide was a fair bit out, leaving plenty of room to avoid the 3 people I could see. Making our way to the water's edge I decided to do a bit of a quick run/jump to get the dog excited and burn off some energy (that was the primary reason we were here anyway). Oh go no! Bad move. The pressure on my bladder hurt, and I wanted to get a fair way along before anything should happen.

As we approached the water, I wondered what would happen, as the only thing which can really make me feel like just letting go, is water around my feet. We waded into the shallow up to my ankles, and the dog was absolutely loving life; jumping around and getting all wet and sandy. Somehow I was fine, I honestly thought I would really struggle to hold it, but maybe because my desperation level was so high already, the water had no effect?

We continued to walk for another kilometer or so, with the nearest person coming no closer than 100m. As we strolled, daydreaming about the carton of beer just sitting at home, waiting to contribute to a wet night ahead, I realised it was about 20 mins since I'd finished the iced tea and it should be hitting my bladder pretty soon.

We got about 200m from the point we normally turn around when that tea reached its destination. I looked at the trees at the edge of the sand and wandered if I should chicken out, then I looked around and there was literally no in sight. I decided to get to the little rivulet we normally turn around at before I let anything out.

As we turned I had reached a 10/10 and was really really desperate, so as we headed back, I decided to lower the pressure a bit. With the pent up liquid, a 'little was a bit' more than I expected and I felt my undies get quite wet. I looked down as despite deliberately choosing board-shorts to hide any wetness, and the fact literally no-one was in view I was concerned that something might show. Examining really closely I could just see a wet patch, but to be honest, I had no idea how big it was due to combination of the syntectic material and colourful patterns.

We walked a bit further and my bladder realised that release was now an option, so holding back was getting pretty hard. Fine, I would let it go, my first real outdoor wetting (I know I was kind of cheating given the quick escape route of swimming in the ocean, but still). I did have concerns about my dog finding out, because she can give some real judgmental looks at times, but fortunately she is a dog, so she wouldn't actually tell anyone.

I released, and immediately felt the warmth pool in underwear before exploding down my leg and saturating my shorts. I continued to walking without missing a beat, pee streaming down my leg. I looked down and the shorts were really glistening wet as liquid bubbled over the folds in them. I had a quick look around again, for about the 4th time in 2 minutes. Still nobody as far as the eye could see.

Eventually I finished and wow I felt so much better! We walked back to the car, heading into the soft sea breeze, which would only help to dry my pants. There were a few people around as we neared the car park, but far enough away not to be able to see anything. By the time we got to the car-park my shorts were all but dry, except for the parts touching my still damp cotton underwear. As we got to the car I felt my need increase again, and I contemplated letting go for a second wetting but I didn't really want freshly wet clothes in the car.

So home we went, to wash the dog and figure out some wet plans for the evening.

If anyone has any ideas for some fun games I should play in the next 24 hours please let me know!

