Wet myself on a rollercoaster

Author: roseybabydoll

*000*2022-02-21 01:44

Hi guys! So this happened to me yesterday and was super mortifying but also really hot looking back aaaa

Me and my friends went to a big theme park this weekend and since a lot of us are freshly 21, 22, we were drinking a LOT. We got in a huge long line for one of the really big roller coasters at the park and I made sure to pee beforehand since I knew the line would take a while, but I was already tipsy and even though I just peed, we had drank a lottt of liquids. By the time I had to go again, we were only halfway through the line and I was too embarrassed to go back and nervous about being able to get back in line if I left, so I didn’t say anything as I got increasingly desperate. I was wearing a red and black plaid short skirt with light pink panties underneath btw.

By the time we get to the front of the line, I’ve been pressing my thighs together and squirming for a long time, but we finally get on the ride. Thank GOD it was one person per cart instead of two because of covid, so I was sitting by myself with my friends in the cars in front of me. Just in case (and thank god I did this), I lifted my skirt up so that I wasn’t sitting on top of it right before the ride started. It was one of those dark coasters where you couldnt see the drops and sudden turns.

I didn’t last a single drop. On the first drop, I was caught by total surprise, and that did it. I screamed and let out a huge spurt that I couldn’t cut off. I was covered by the darkness and the noise of the ride + screaming, but I had a complete and total accident right there. I had no hope of stopping it while we were in motion, especially with surprise drops and turns, so I just… went. I held my skirt up out of the way (but still below the safety bar) and just pissed my panties completely, holding my legs far apart to try and keep them dry.

When the ride stopped, I was super embarrassed and rushed all my friends off to the next thing immediately. My skirt was dry which covered me but I dragged us right to a water ride with a short ride so we all got soaked a few minutes later (and I may have wet my panties a little bit again afterwards since I was already wet…) I got away with it!! The only thing is I felt super bad leaving a wet seat on the ride, but despite my kink, it was a real genuine accident that I would have definitely stopped if I could have. At least they were cleaning the seats between every ride due to COVID, so no one had to sit in it, but someone still had to clean it which I feel bad about :(( My bladder is especially weak when I’m a little drunk, so I’ll try to plan better next time, but i hope you guys got a kick out of this story!! I’ve been thinking about it a lot ever since it happened and a little part of me thinks I would’ve liked getting caught…

