Memories of wet, muddy and pissy ex girlfriend

Author: Levi

*000*2021-08-29 11:37

I'll try to write down some experiences with my ex girl, she was really into piss games, it was 20 years ago, I unfortunately had no understanding for it at the time, but the memory of it stays interesting. I always liked the look and feel of wet clothes, hence some events have been a big turn on for me.

We were teenagers and every weekend went to a party, and on Christmas we arranged a party with our friends at my parents' cottage in the mountains. That winter was a lot of snow, the drifts around the house were at least two meters deep. We got an idea to jump into the drifts from the slope and it was fun to get completely sunk in the deep soft snow. Everyone was enjoying it and some battles also went on. When we got back home, we were already completely drenched. My gf had a slim sporty figure with big firm breasts and had a long dark hair. She was wearing black skinny jeans and a black turtleneck sweater with a huge white heart taking up the whole front part of it, which she got from me as a christmas present. By the time our friends left, we went kissing and caressing and I suggested going to the shower together. 

We took the clothes which we had been wearing outdoors, since they were wet anyways. We washed each other thoroughly including the clothes and enjoyed the warm water. Then we proceeded with the games on the couch with blankets on it, without taking the wet clothes off. Naturally we started to get a bit cold after a while, my girl complained about her full bladder and urge to pee and suggested going into the shower again. It was pretty pleasing to go back under the warm water and when we got out, she said that she didn't want to use the toilet any longer, and I felt kind of amazing body smell, which was new to me. We certainly enjoyed that evening and following night together well.

We liked also going on hiking trips in summer and once a rainstorm came, muddy puddles created in the fields and we just went into it, jumping and getting very muddy while enjoying it. We just met a hunter going by, it was a little emabarassing, and although he looked puzzled, he did not say anything. When we washed our clothes at my girl's parents' home afterwards, her mum was concerned when she noticed the muddy water in the bathroom, but it got cleaned and went all well at the end.

If i should think back and write something more, let me know.

*002*2021-08-30 18:58

{{On 8/29/2021 at 2:11 PM, hubertheiser said:

Nice memories . Wetlook, muddying and wetting go so well together .

}}

Yes, just add some cum and we have a perfect cocktail, but don' get intoxicated too much .

