Lazy Saturday

Author: BladderBuster

*000*2016-05-09 01:47

Beep! Beep! Beep!

Ashley's alarm clock went off, causing Ashley to stumble out of bed. She stumbled to her mirror, and examined herself. Ashely's face was beautiful, carved by the gods. Her almond eyes matched her hair, which hung down her back. Her delicate eyelashes complimented her luscious, red lips. Her body was very feminine, slim around the waists. Her ass was regular sized, that wasn't her main attraction. Her natural breats were. A nice size, almost as big as anime character's boobs. Standing there in her pink bra and panties, Ashley soon tired of staring at herself. She walked down the hallway to her living room.

Once there, Ashley finally noticed her bladder. It was full enough to send warnings, but empty enough to feel comfortable. Ashley felt a strange sensation overcome her, her nipples standing erect. She slowly rubbed her vagina, and sat down. She flicked the TV on, and started binge-watching Nexflix. The urge dissipated completely, as Ashley became engrossed in a new season of Futurama. (I know the show ended, don't worry.)

Hours passed, and only when hunger gnawed on Ashley's stomach did she return to real life. Not drinking any fluids beforehand, her bladder expanded only a tiny bit. Ashley whipped up a nice brunch, and had a feast upon it. Stuffing herself silly, Ashley became engorged on the food. As she finished, Ashley decided to walk around for a bit. Living in a rural forest, the chances of being seen were 1 to 100. Knowing this, Ashley removed her bra and panties. As bare as the bears, (hehehe) she walked through her backyard into the forest.

Walking around, Ashley's bladder began to fill. Almost becoming desperate, Ashley walked on, crossing her legs every so often. Finally, Ashley grew bored of nature, and ran back inside. Her bladder demanded to be relieved, so Ashley tried to oblige. As she reached the bathroom, the door wouldn't budge. Somehow, she locked the door from the inside, and she lost the key to the lock. Her ego prevented her from relieving her bladder, so Ashley just sat back down, and hoped to get engrossed in Futurama.

Ashley managed to watch two episodes before her increasing need had her undivided attention. Truely desperate, Ashley quickly scanned her mind for a solution. Grabbing her crotch fiercely, Ashley moved to the bedroom, where she lay down on her bed. Slowly, she fell asleep. Around 1'o'clock, Ashley jolted awake. Desperately, she stumbled out of bed, and into her backyard. Her urethra muscles burned from fatigue, and her bladder had a painful throbbing. She squatted in the middle of her yard, and let the dam break. Urine exited Ashley at an extreme force. After what seemed like ages, the stream weakened, and suddenly ceased. Utterly relieved, Ashley headed back to bed. As she climbed in, she realized that she enjoyed that experience. "Maybe another day, I could hold it again."

