Male shower desperation

Author: chuck

*000*2011-05-10 04:00

This is a story about how I tried a .... tactic? I guess I don't have the right word to explain it but it was fun and pleasurable experience that I might try again later on again because it was private and was great for desperation .... Likers? I guess. I can't thing of any good words tonight. Anyway enjoy.

You should be warned this is a male desperation and kind of wetting story.

So I was reading some of the articles about shower desperation so I decided to try it myself. The only problem with this is that I have a very strong bladder so I knew that if I would be able to do it I would really have to save up some time. Usually I go once in the morning then at around five-thirty (because that is when my band practice is over) and finally at ten. So when I woke up this mourning I didn't go to the bathroom which is easy I drank a cup of water then went to school. I drank as much water as I could during the day like in between classes and at lunch I drank 3 cups of water. (all I drank the entire day was water since I didn't know how many other liquids affect me but water usually works the best) During my sixth period class I felt a slight tingle in my lower abdomen but it really wasn't enough. I had to step it up.

After school was over I had fifteen minutes before my practice started. I went to the cafeteria and got a lot of water bottles. I'm not sure how many but all through my practice I drank 3 then got home and drank some more after dinner at seven I could defiantly feel something in my lower abdomen but no real desperation yet so I waited until nine just sitting around drinking water and watching television. Then I decided that it was enough since I was feeling some dull pain but it was quickly growing rapidly so I hurried into the shower turned the water on and put it on the drain so I could sit at the back of the shower and wait until I burst. I positioned the shower head so it would be loud and provide some necessary white noise to concentrate on not bursting so that I would get into the final stages of pleasurable desperation.

When I was finally getting spasms and in bad groin and very lower abdomen pain. At the last few seconds I quickly left the shower while it was still running and put on some very loose boxers and while holding it in for the last few seconds had a serious spasm that almost made me double up and fall over a warm stream started filling my boxers which I tried to pull up closer to me and snaking its way down my legs and on to the towel that I had set up before I got into the shower. Today was my laundry day so this was one of the few times that I would be able to try this and I am very glad that I tried this and I want to thank blahblahblah. I think that was the name of the person who I saw post the topic I saw. I recommend doing this even if it might not take you all the time it took me.

