My first times intentionally wetting

Author: CuddleBunny

*000*2012-09-04 01:43

Recently, after being sent an omorashi fanfic from my best friend, I had to go pee really badly. I decided that I should try wetting myself, but I wasn't up to the task of wetting myself while standing up or anything, so I just used the toilet with my underwear on. I sat down and tried to let myself go, but I was too aroused. I finally managed to let out a small spurt, and then the rest of it came out through my boxers into the bowl. I waited for it to stop dripping, then got up, flushed the toilet, and washed my hands and my underwear in the sink. I felt so much shame and arousal at the same time, it was impossible to tell where one burning emotional feeling ended and the other began.

Every so often I also do that, but first I move my underwear out of the way. It gives me the same feeling, just a little less, and it saves a lot of mess to take care of. I wanted to try it with my ex's panties, which she sometimes had me wear, but with the exception of the following paragaph, I only ever peed with my underwear out of the way until after we broke up.

Once or possibly twice (definitely the one time, although I tried several times and mostly chickened out), I managed to wet myself while standing in the shower. On a whim, I decided that i should just stand in the shower with the water off and my shirt and boxers on, and just pee, because i really, really needed to go but I didn't want to wait for the water to reset itself after flushing. I felt an immense pressure coming from my bladder when I let it loose, more than I usually do when I pee, and I felt the hot liquid dribbling through the front and bottom of my boxer shorts and down my legs. 

I crouched down and started rubbing the tip of my penis through my hot, wet underwear, and sniffed my fingertips. I might have licked them; I don't remember. I was too aroused. After a short time, I turned the shower on and felt the warm water go through my shirt, briefly imagining it was my then-fiancee wetting herself while I was holding her, and felt the warm water from the shower replace the rapidly-cooling urine on the front of my boxers. I took of my tee shirt and rubbed the water into my boxers while still wearing them to wash the urine out and feel the rubbing, then wrung out my underwear and continued with a normal shower, my face and body flushed with embarassment.

If you read this right after I posted it, I'm thinking of trying the shower thing again tomorrow, when I'm alone in the house. I intend to drink a lot of water and tea until then, so i really, really have to go and couldn't keep from going if i wanted to.

*003*2012-09-05 07:19

Yes, absolutely true. Showers are even more practicaly to clean than linoleum floors, and if you have even a mild fetish for hot water soaking through your clothes, and not just urine, there's that, too.

I ended up not getting to do the shower thing today. Mostly because I didn't have to pee when I had to shower : / Hoping to do it next time I shower. Definitely going to do it in the near future.

And yes, shame gets me off in some situations, namely omorashi situations.

