Wet my panties after drinking

Author: Bella Whopeed

*000*2022-04-29 15:06

Long time reader, first time writing up one of my own stories...so please feel free to give suggestions.

A few months ago, back when it was winter and really cold where I live in a big city, I went out to after work drinks with some of my coworkers. I was really hesitant about going since I don't know them well, but I figured it was a good opportunity to make some friends. We went to a bar out by the water and had about four drinks, talking and laughing. It was so nice and we were all very tipsy, bordering on truly drunk. I'm small fwiw, maybe like 110 pounds, so all the alcohol had a really intense effect on me.

After the third drink, I started to feel an urge to pee but I didn't want to leave when I was having such a good bonding experience with my coworkers so I ignored it- which was really hard since we were standing up and didn't have anyplace to sit. After the fourth drink, I could tell that if I kept ignoring the pressure I would be in serious trouble so I asked the bartender where the bathroom was. Apparently the bar didn't have its own bathrooms so you needed to walk to a public bathroom nearby. However, the pressure on my bladder was intense enough that I (tiny girl) decided to walk a block in the dark alone in the freezing cold to go to the public bathroom. When I got there, the relief was amazing I felt like I could orgasm right on the spot. But, public bathrooms are gross so I decided not to try and just to go back to my group.

We stayed probably another thirty minutes just chatting and I started to feel the need to pee growing again, but I knew we were leaving soon and I didn't want to walk back to that dirty bathroom alone again or seem weird to my coworkers that I needed to pee so often. Finally, we started heading out and it was about a 20 minute walk back to my apartment from the bar. As we were walking the pressure on my bladder kept growing to the point that it was painful to work by the time I split up with them.

Once I was alone, I decided I would walk down a less popular block and try to release a little bit on the sidewalk, since I was wearing a skirt and it would be not super noticeable. However, by the time I got over to the less crowded block I kept feeling leaks escape into my panties. I was so flustered and it hurt so much and I didn't want anyone to see me. Finally I was in an area where there weren't any other people and I just leaned up against a wall and stopped holding. A small puddle started forming at my feet and the pain in my bladder started to feel better.

I knew I didn't have much time before someone walked down the block, so I stopped myself after about 30 seconds and kept walking. As I was walking, the leaks kept coming and I could feel pee running down my legs as I waited in the elevator to get up to my apartment. Once I got into my apartment I just totally released and formed a puddle in my bathroom. It would've been way too hard to get my tights off when I was already wetting.

I cleaned up the puddle and threw my tights and panties in the laundry bin, took a quick shower, and then brought myself to orgasm quite a few times before falling asleep.

I hope you all enjoyed this story as much as I enjoyed the experience!

