One Day, two Wettings

Author: Ml-E-p

*000*2019-06-12 11:52

Heya, it's been a while. I've been quite busy with work and writing stories takes quite some time for me but i have some (mostly intentional) stories for you now. This, however, was an accident:

A week ago, I went shopping with a friend, we both don't live too far from the next town and because shopping bags and bicycles don't end well (at least i don't like it) we decided to walk about half an hour into town.

It was really warm outside so i drank a lot before, my body gave me a reminder of that when we went into the first store. I didn't have to pee that urgent and the next toilet in the store was not too far, so i held it until i was in a changing room. I took quite some time to get some clothes to try on so now i realised i really should go soon. I told my friend i needed the restroom and left my stuff with her.

The restroom however was -like every other i guess- full, but there wasnt really a queue, just two other girls were also waiting, so no big deal. Somehow, it progressed kind of slowly and the sink next to me was dripping, which made my urge to pee suddenly much worse. my panties were getting slightly wet as i also started to drip a bit and as the last girl entered her stall, my mind had all kinds of desperate ideas "try to pee in the sink while noone sees you"

"run to the mens restroom"

"the floor is all yours now" -thinking of that got me kind of hot but i didn't plan on having a public accident here. My body thought i did it seems and still kind of lost in thoughts i noticed warm pee running down from under my skirt. Noticing the quite loud splashing, i squeezed my legs together to make it at least quieter. Mid-pee, a stalldoor opened and i ran past the girl exiting it and sat down with my panties still up, letting the rest of my pee soak it completely. My legs were wet everywhere and i was pretty much swimming in my shoes, but my skrit was mostly fine, so it wasn't all visible after i dried myself up with toilet paper. 

My head must've been red, i was pretty turned on, but i needed to change, so i went back to my (bored to death) buddy, grabbed some new panties on the way back and kept one of the new pants on, saying that i liked it that much (you can do that here if you keep the paper with the barcode, theres no plastic thingy thats clipped on to it). My shoes were still full of pee and i wouldn't empty them in the changing room, my white socks got a yellow-ish line where the wet spot slowly faded, but noone noticed that i guess.

Accident #1 survived with only few witnesses in the restroom. But if you read the title correctly, my service today offers a special 2for1-deal just for you, so here we go to accident #2

We went on for some time and i didn't drink anything exept at a small lunchbreak we did. When it was around 18 o'clock we decided we had everything and went back home. The way back was a bit longer, since we went further into town. The city limit is at a bridge with a hill with some trees on the other side, where the more rural part begins behind of it we both live. As we came closer to the bridge, i yet again noticed my bladder had needs to furfill but there were only closed or uhm... weird shops around where i didn't dare to ask if i could use the restroom. As i said, i didn't drink much, but i was constantly thinking about the accident i had today and while i kept staring at my slowly drying shoes my body thought that would be a nice thing to repeat so it started to get worse fast. On the bridge, I started grabbing myself to hold it in, my friend asked what's wrong but i just said the new pant doesn't fit quite right.

We went up the small hill on the other side and i constantly looked at the small forest to the right of me. I suggested that we'd go up a way that goes through it, which is a small detour but i had the forest as an emergency place to relief myself. I asked to leave to water some plants when to road wasn't visible anymore and there were no other people on the way, she was confused but didn't say no. I walked away from the path but couldn't go far since i had already begun to ruin my new clothes. about 10m in i pulled my pants down, noticing the small wet spot on it and my wet panties. My friend could still see me, which was really awkward, but i felt like i couln't go further. I sighed in relief but just as i started she said that someone was coming down the way, so i quickly pulled up my pants while i kind of still peed and left a noticeably big stain on it but managed to hold it... sort of.

As you know from my previous stories, i can hold it after i partially peed for some time but i drip and squirt with about every move i make. But i had to deal with it, i went back to her and said that it would be okay now, so we went up the hill to the street she lived. She probably noticed that i peed in/all over my pants, as she offered me to change before i said goodbye at her house. But i refused, saying that everything was fine.

It wasn't. I should've gone at her place but i couldn't really admit to her that i couldn't hold it and my house wasn't that far, maybe 5 minutes by foot, but right as i got to the corner of my street, the dripping suddenly changed to squirting and a few steps further squirting turned into a warm stream with a loud "shhhhhhh" in the middle of the street, where i finally couldn't move and admitted my second accident is happening right here. I kind of paniced: everyone here knows me and i'm on full display.

I tried to hold it with both of my hands, almost fingering myself to hold it in, looking around me and in the windows if anyone was looking at me. I was safe, so i released my hands from between my legs and pulled my pants down half the way over my butt, but i was done before i pulled them down entirely but trying to undress them makes the result about 10 times worse. there was no dry spot on my pants and even my shirt had some dark spots, but i didn't care, i only had meters to go to my house and nobody saw me.

I ran home and looked at the mess i made, as the old clothes in the store, that i kept in a plastic bag didn't look much better. I just took them off and threw them into the washing machine but it left me pretty steaming hot, so i leave it to your imagination what i did next.

Two major public accidents with only a few witnesses is probably a new "record"? for me and it does feel very different from intentional, planned "accidents". Still, i have some more to tell but as this was my first (and second) accident in quite some time, it's mostly (...because, yes i had more accidents. my bladder is weird and i have no self-control in that regard) stuff i did on purpose, which i never know how to tell correctly. I'll try tho, just give me some time, as it's still weird (but enjoyable) for me to tell it as detailed as possible. Please let me know if there is anything i can do better or if my english is a bit off, as it's not my best-spoken (or written) language.

Hope you enjoyed and thanks for reading!

