Intentional wetting at my old job

Author: TimmyTrihard69

*000*2022-01-13 08:33

(if this is too detailed I'm sorry, you can skip the details and just read the next section I have hyphenated)

So the company I work for is a franchise, and one of our locations recently closed down. The back door is still unlocked, but nobody goes in there except to take items for their own locations (and when my girl and I did some inappropriate things there a little bit ago). Of course, I had to have some fun here.

My night started when I peed at work, around 4:30 pm. I got in the mood for a hold which hasn't happened for a while, so I decided to act on it. I started throwing my kidneys into overdrive by drinking a lot and peeing whenever I felt a good need to. The next time I peed was around 7:30-8:00, right before I was finished closing.

On my way home I bought a bunch of cleaning supplies (somebody will be back inside the closed store eventually), and after getting home I peed again (somewhere between 9:30-10:00). This was my third trip in less than six hours.

At this point I begin downing bottles of water and I was considering using the bathroom again but I just decided to hold it and head over instead. I packed spare clothes, along with the bleach cleaner I bought, paper towels, hand sanitizer, and disinfecting wipes along with some old cologne to mask the smell.

I took an Uber over, and about twenty minutes I was there. I went in and scouted the place out with my phone flashlight (no electricity) and happily found it vacant. Bursting, I paced around trying to get my top layer pants off (they were hiding the grey sweatpants I had just bought that I was going to wet) and attempting to get my phone set up in a good spot to record.

###

Around roughly 12:45, and with everything set up, I chugged one last water bottle and then washed my hands at the sink, squirming.

Then I stood in front of the camera over the drain and stood perfectly still, waiting.

The first leak happened once my body relaxed itself, the second shortly after. Two slightly visible wet patches scattered down the inside legs of my sweatpants.

After a little push on top of my body naturally trying to let all of my pee go, it happened. Warm pee started gushing down my legs, over my socks and pooling into the drain and on the tiles beneath me. The stream kept on going after adjusting myself until my right pantleg was almost completely drenched, both my legs sopping wet and my crotch rock-hard. I sat down in my puddle and brought myself to orgasm over the next couple minutes, basking in a pool of my own mess. As I calmed down and I finished peeing I started to analyze the damage.

By sheer bad luck, instead of going straight into the drain I noticed my pee had run little rivulets down the tiled floor, spreading in different directions. Still easy to clean, but also more annoying.

###

I sopped up my puddle with the paper towels, then sprayed tons of the bleach cleaner all over the floor, re-paper towelling every now and again to make sure I was getting everything. I finished off with the disinfecting wipes and another swipe from the paper towels before finishing changing.

I now had on a pair of women's leggings I had bought with the cleaning supplies, with the original jeans overtop to look like nothing had changed, and sprayed myself thoroughly with the cologne—although in hindsight I could've done without seeing as how hydrated I was.

Once everything was cleaned up and I was dressed, I felt a pretty strong urge to go again. I made my way over to the urinal and peed hard for another 20 seconds, this relief coming no more than a half hour after my accident.

After deeming everything clean enough, myself included, I snuck my way back out and over to the dumpster where I got rid of any evidence.

I got an Uber back home, prayed I smelled like cologne and not like I just received a golden shower, and went straight up to the shower.

I was fighting to make the water warm when I just couldn't hold it anymore, and peed yet again, fully, at around 2:15 am.

After my shower I felt another need and sat down on the toilet to pee a half-full bladder, around 2:45.

With everything settled down and with me ready to sleep, it is now about 3:30 am and I feel a need again that I'll probably ignore.

I started around 4:30 pm yesterday, meaning that in ten hours I peed 7 times. Usually I can go ten hours having only used the bathroom once. This time I was going every 1.5 hours on average and it's still not over yet.

I don't know if I would do this again just because of the cleanup but that girl I mentioned at the beginning said she might come with me and try to help make me pee my pants.

Definitely a time to remember

