New Year's Eve accident (first time nearly public)

Author: OmoJo

*000*2018-01-07 03:02

Hi there, this is the first time I write here. Please excuse any misspelling or wrong grammar, english isn't my native language.

At New Year's Eve I was out with three friends. One couple, another guy and me.

At 9 o'clock we all met at a bistro in my home town. We sat there, talked and had some drinks.

First I had a wheat beer and after that a glass rum-cola. It ways a really big glass, like these big glasses from IKEA which everybody owns.

While i was zipping on the rum-cola I felt that the alcohol was pushing my bladder. It maybe was 10 o'clock so I went to toilet. I planned to stay much longer, anyhow it was New Year's Eve.

I came back, chatting goes on and I finished my drink.

After that, I had a normal coke, finished it fast and ordered another rum-cola. Everything was fine for me.

Maybe half an hour away from the fireworks I felt really bad. At this point you need to know that I am suffering a depression and I don't know what hit me but I could not stand being there any longer. The bistro was full of people, it was noisy and I just wanted to be home. So I fought inside but the urge to go won. I said to my friends that I better would leave now before the fireworks start and the town would go crazy.

So I went, no need to pee at all. My way home was like 20 minutes long so I did not even think about going to the toilet before I left. That was a big mistake.

Maybe half the way was done when I felt it: I needed to pee. Not a little bit, it hit me like a wrecking ball. At home I would go to toilet NOW, but I wasn't at home.

My way home completely is going through the city meaning no quiet place where I could pee before coming home.

I speeded up, walking fast. A few minutes later I began to walk as fast as I could but not running as I did not want to attract the peoples attention. Why did they all come out of their houses five or ten minutes away from midnight...

At my apartment block I unlocked the main door, squirming squirming squirming. One hand down my crotch, holding with the last bit of resist I could bring up. Never before the urge to pee got so bad within ten or fifteen minutes. If there were people I did not recognize them.

I ran up the stairs to my apartment like crazy hopeing nobody would come out of their apartments. Second floor, here we go, just unlock the door,get in and in the bathroom.

Not on my watch, my bladder called.

While I was unlocking the door to my apartment, squirming ver much and moaning a little bit I felt it. A really big spurt. Down my left leg. Warm and wet, runing down the leg. That was the point where I lost control. Just turn the key one more time to open the door. But the moment i wanted to do this I felt it coming out. No control anymore. It came. It all came out while I opened the door. My beige pants went dark the inner left leg completely, the right one mostly soaked too. I felt my socks and feet get warm, it was all the way down into my shoes. While it came out I had managed to open the door, ran inside, slaming the door and ran into the bathroom.

I was completely wet. My pants were soaked, my socks were wet but I did stop to pee, the first pressure was gone and I felt relieved. I sat down on the toilet and let the rest out while looking at the mess I made. I felt shame but it was great too. After finishing my pee I took off my shoes and pants. Leaving the bathroom I saw little wet spots on the carpet directly behind the apartment door. Not too bad but visible. I opened my apartment door just a tiny bit to take a look at the staircase and there was just a little puddle inforn of the door. It was only minutes or seconds away from midnight so I decided to just let it there. I wouldn't know what to say if any neighbor would see me mop there.

So I throw closed the door, throw my pants, socks and underwear in the washing machine.

Then I heard the fireworks outside, put on a fresh boxer and went on the balcony to watch but it was cold (who could have known in only boxershorts...) so I went inside soon, took a shower and thought about what just happend and was greatful nobody has been seeing me and that it was an exciting feeling in hindsight.

Next time I drink alcohol, I will have a pee right before walking home. Or maybe not... ;)

*005*2018-01-13 22:55

Thank you all for your kind replies:)

Allegretto, I never had the intention to wet in public, also I live in a small town, if anyone would notice... not good:D And I am not exactly what you would call tall or thin, more like a dwarf so I look horrible in long coats:D

Wetbriefs, it's exactly like this but on the other side, when I do a hold (but also hope for the dam to break) my bladder seems to be out of high-alloy steel:D

