Finally got an experience in so long (layered wetting, with pictures)

Author: Sweetlilkitten

*000*2021-12-10 13:07

So. Good. To. Go.

Finally.

It's been a long time since I didn't done anything, really scared of being caught and I don't want mother to forbid me to play if she knows I am naughty and lie to her. I think I will tell her I like pee at some point, she would certainly understand if I tell her its a sexual interest of mine, we are adults we can talk about that now right? It is just like some like feet or some like being choked. It's not like I fantasize about hardcore stuff like dirty things there can be on internet, it's just that sometimes, when I feel my omorashi healthbar is low, I really can't help but filling it again... Maybe in 10 years when I'm alone in my properly owned home, my sheets to bedwet in them, my pants and being washing on my own and what so ever, you know, the deal, I would tell her.

Yesterday, I got to bed around 12pm, I watched and listened to some naughty stuff on internet, I was feeling more M4F than F4F this night and heard some about mommy dom and shy virgin boy being mocked by girls of he's 20s, to prepare myself to play with my plush like I have to do every time I wanna sleep. Usually or most of the time I don't have to watch that since I can work my excitement on my own in my bed, but that day I felt so needy... I couldn't stop watching, I were so horny... I am very eager for the moment where I'll have my home and I'll marry my girlfriend, I really need to feel the comfort of coming back home to someone who loves you and accepts you how you are and how horny you are for her.

I had a bit of an insomnia, I couldn't fall asleep, I couldn't even concentrate on any roleplay to satisfy my playings need, I also have with the omorashi need bar the playing need bar, it could be lined with some autistic traits of mine, creating a story or writing it, playing with my toy cars or Playmobile, may be in relation with my ageplay fetish, I think it comes from the period I were little and playing with my little toys alone, in my room, just happy by myself... Before the time where I were to school and been harassed and stuff, and my step father emotionally abused of me... I think my brain don't wanna accept adulthood and thinks that if I play I'm little, I can't have responsibilities, and no one can tell me to be grown up.

With my measurement I gave you already in my presentation, I still fit in 12 y/o clothes, or XS I think, so it's not difficult for my brain to think I'm still a child. When someone ask me for my age, I always bug a bit, as I'm 18, I look back at my life and it looks like I was little yesterday, sometimes a part of me wanna me to be little tomorrow...

Anyways, I stood up, seeking for a outfit to be wetting in. I found two lazy pajama shorts or such, and took them both, then I found a masculine sweatpants I got from before my transition. I don't know I still have it, my mother may be thinking it doesn't look too boyish, but I'm absolutely sure I won't wear it to go outside anytime soon, maybe ever. How not lucky this sweatpants are. Poor they.

Before getting up I tried to let go in my bed, just relaxing, laying there, but I couldn't. Maybe I lost my pee-able skills in the long, since I didn't got into omorashi games for a long time... God knows I needed to do what is gonna happen.

But I soon as I pulled up the sweatpants, I felt a strong need, a really eager ache, something I couldn't fight against... My bladder awoken, and instantly let go, I'm not sure I was consent if I look at it today, I just felt the burning sensation of the need to pee in my crotch and before I could know it, my teeny tiny little girldick was letting out a spurt, a tiny little spurt before it starts to flow harder and harder... I peed here, forcefully into my shorts and pants, without being to control or hold myself, I couldn't... I just needed to pee in my clothes, I could not help it...

It was wonderful. I felt my foreskin being overloaded with the sweet salty honey, my kitten's usually is so tiny, around 5cm when the softest, the head of my kitty being far far behind the pocket made by the foreskin that makes the overall reaches 6cm, usually it makes a little closed sealing and the pee explodes out of it when overloaded, but as I was hard not long ago, and played with myself even if I just barely tried to and got soft again before the wetting, the seal was not completely closed. I felt when I started to pee the skin pocket enlarging enough to let out the flow, a bit like a flabby watering pipe that gets stiff when it is charged with water under pressure, and the trickle started to run out of me, silently wetting the shorts.

I felt my testies showered in the warmth, and the dampness spreading back up along side my tiny pipe, even if Kitten was downwards the pee always spreads a lot and I like that so much, it's so good to feel the honey being growing a wet patch in your unders and pants, it was so long since I didn't felt that, I instantly felt so warm and trembling a bit in all my body, so excited and horny and aroused, absolutely surely needy...

The pee pooled in the two shorts for a bit but soon I felt a river going into my right let, as the shorts were not much absorbent, and the sweatpants too, I felt the trickle sliding to my knees and down my leg until my right sock and foot. I felt my girlcock's head having tinkles, so I sent that I was not empty still, but even with the warm sensation down my right leg I didn't grabbed any of my muscles. I was here, just going again and again, it was certainly not more than 10 seconds in total but it felt like an endless happiness.

Until I finally was empty. I felt my unders a bit, tasted how the damages was, and I felt that a bit got into my left leg too, but not past my middle thigh. I took my phone and turn on the light, and took pictures of the event. I took them fastly, I'm sorry for that, the too firsts are blurred a bit. Yes, I'm a bit natural, don't judge me. I don't know if I'm gonna shave yet, it could help my inner femininity satisfaction healthbar, but anyways, I don't wanna have to do it every weeks, and I'm so lazy.

$$

$$

$$

Yes, my thighs don't touch when I clench my knees. I'm not saying that as a good thing, it's not fun, I don't have hips and thighs yet. I'm so skinny (47kg for 165cm, I took a kilo recently, I'm so happy about it!!) I don't know if I ever gonna get any breasts with my HRT, reaching A cup would already be a gigantic advancement on my shape, the only good part is that if I wear really tight fitting up clothes like tiny stretchy shirts, it shows my abs and nipples quite well, and any bit of breasts would be obvious in them, which is important for passing as who I am. Of course I'll always try to make anyone look at my bosoms as soon as I'll have some.

I felt my socks and the right one was barely wet, most of the flow got caught in the pants right leg, so no damage on the floor or anywhere else. I got off the messed clothes and throw them in somewhere in my room, hidden. Then I didn't got back in my panties, they were dirty and bothering me, so I just got my pajama's pants back on and fallen on the bed, grabbing the covers over me, and started to kiss my plushy bear/monkey, I never really could tell what it is, and I don't care.

Sometimes I roleplay fatness acceptance, sometimes I likesaid roleplay being with a shy nerdy guy, sometimes I'm with a 40s old mother that wanna take care of me, but this time I just roleplayed being with my girlfriend, gently planting kisses over her face, and mouth of course, whispering some cute nerdy things like "you're the sun in the night sky of my life" or "you're the prettiest star of them all in the galaxy" also like "you're the oxygen of my air", until I could fall asleep, satisfied, calmed, relaxing and showing love to my plushy, just as much love as I'm aching for...

This morning I took a shower and after that I rubbed my inner arm with the oestrodose like everyday, I thought again about my naughty acts I done this night, and I can't describe how I needed that, I really am in will to do more stuff, but I don't even know what to do to stay hidden...

Hope you had a nice time reading. My babygirl self hope I made you aroused a tiny bit at least.

