My school carnival

Author: Corrina

*000*2011-11-20 11:28

It's short, but i still want to share it.

This was a little while ago. When my school had its athletics carnival in the nearby oval. It was a long and hot, but an exciting day. I'm one of the top sprinters/runners in my school, I can sometimes make it into the nationals. Hence, my races were scheduled at the first haft of the day and near the end of the day was the championships. At the start of the day, I went in almost all of the races which were limited to my age group. I came first in the 100m and the 200m, second in the 400m and third in the 800m. I didn't enter the 1200m one, It was too long and I didn't have enough energy. All my races finished before midday, other age groups started running.

We began to have lunch around twelve thirty, I began to rest under some small trees and eat my lunch. The sun's blaze that day was really intense so I drank heaps of water to rehydrate my body throughout the day. My championships began around 1:45. Before each race starts, my heart always pump really fast due to the adrenaline rush in my body. And for some weird reason, I always feel like I need to use the bathroom before the race starts.

This happened at the very last race I was in. I was actually really desperate to the bathroom as I was walking towards the markers on the track, before it started. Everyone prepared their body's by doing warm ups, then we started pivoting on one leg to attain maximum acceleration. Except I couldn't do that. I tried to pivot, but my legs buckled in desperation. I had to clench them together. The gunner shot, and every run began running, including me. I felt like my body was about to exploded from the amount of pain in my bladder, I wasn't sure i could hold it. But for some reason, my desperation made me run faster...

But... I came forth in the championships, which wasn't that bad out of eight people. Since, I came forth, I didn't have to wait for them to give me the ribbon. So I just power walked carefully to the toilet and made it to the restroom.

Close situation.

Lol. :) this isn't short.

*006*2011-11-21 05:29

Lol!

I just made it, so any longer I would have probably wet my self.

If i wet myself while running, or straight after running. I would be the laughing stock of the whole school... Because that was one of the most important races, and also in front of everyone who was looking, which is all the students and teachers.

*007*2011-12-03 05:08

This is some of the pictures after the nations. I did pretty well, I went to the toilet before the race just in case !

Since it was really hot, we went to nearby water fountains and drenched ourselves near the end of the day. We were totally soaked, but we still manage to dry by the end, before we went on the bus. :)

