Tickled until she peed

Author: Shieldmaiden

*000*2019-04-17 05:19

I remember this happening many years ago back when I was still in school. My best friend Emma was a few months younger than me but around the same age and we had been friends for years. We were always fooling around teasing and picking on each other, in a friendly way.

One day however we were both chilling at my house, after school. Like so many times before, we were home alone, and we were laying on the couch talking about boys and stuff. I remember that Emma was wearing a pair of tightly fitting light grey jeans and a loose woolen top.

Like many times before, it all started when Emma began tickling me, or at least she tried to, however she had tried it countless times but I’m not very ticklish so I don’t get why she would even bother. Emma, on the other hand, was very ticklish so tickling her back was quite effective.

Having wrestled on the couch and tickled each other for about half an hour, Emma was out of breath when she told me to stop because she had to pee. I didn’t really believe her but did let go of her anyway, however the second I let go of her, she was back on top of me, so I began tickling her again to get her off. This was like I said, very effective and within no time Emma was laying beside me on the couch, screaming with laughter and begging me to stop because she really had to pee!

Once again, I stopped so she could go to the bathroom but once again she jumped on me, so I started tickle her again. Laying on her side in a fetal position, Emma was screaming and begging me to stop and let her go to the bathroom, but I wasn’t falling for that one again, so I kept tickling her while she begged me to stop. Twisting like a worm and begging me to stop when I suddenly saw a dark spot appearing on her butt. I immediately stopped and Emma jumped up from the couch. I could clearly see the wet spot extending from the front of her crotch to the bottom of her butt as she rushed towards the bathroom. I couldn’t believe that she actually peed herself!

Walking after her, I found her sitting on the toilet with her jeans and panties around her ankles. She hadn’t had any time to close the door behind her and I could hear the urine dripple into the toilet as I entered. Emma looked at me, like she wasn’t really sure whether to cry or laugh but then a second later we both busted into laughter.

Although Emma had managed to hold back some of her pee, some of it had clearly managed to escape her bladder, leaving a big wet spot on the crotch of both her panties and jeans. Luckily, we were about the same size, although Emma was a bit thinner, and she was able to borrow a dry pair from me.

