This one time, at band camp (male)

Author: Removed

*000*2011-12-20 19:11

Yes ladies and gentlemen, I was one of those lucky few individuals in the American educational system who belonged to the mythical organization known as the Marching Band, and I'm going to tell you about the time I got so desperate that I wet myself (a bit) at band camp.

It was the summer before my sophomore year. I was 15, and overflowing with nervous, awkward puberty. On a side note, this was barely six months after I discovered my fetish for wet/desperate women.

We were into our second week of Band Camp (our school was really competitive in the WBA, and thus we spent a whole lot of time prepping before we went on the road). Since it was summer, and we were practicing on a hot, astroturfed field for most of the day, dehydration was a serious threat, and one girl even needed to be taken to the hospital for heatstroke. That being said, the band directors encouraged us to buy Camelbaks (those backpack-mounted water pouches that the military uses), so my parents got me one.

We started off in the morning with regular music practice, which was no big deal, but as the afternoon rolled in we hit the field, which is when I really started hitting my CamelBak hard. Bathroom breaks were few, and you can't just go running off the field while keeping formation, lest you incur the wrath of the directors and the ridicule of the other students.

The day dragged on, and the sun was starting to sink over the bleachers, and by that time I was starting to feel a bit uncomfortable. However, I kept drinking away from my CamelBak, to keep myself from getting too dry. Eventually, I drained it entirely, and felt somewhat satisfied.

However, there was about 2 hours left of practice, with no breaks, and I was beginning to get antsy. The pressure in my bladder was increasing by leaps and bounds, and by the time there was an hour left, I was absolutely desperate. However, I couldn't slouch, hold myself, or do anything while I was marching around, so I had to just grit my teeth and bear it.

I felt myself go hard involuntarily from the sheer need to use the restroom, which made marching around even more difficult. My bladder ached and stung, and every 30 seconds I'd get this rushing feeling where I'd feel myself about to lose control, and struggle to hold it all in.

I began to lose track of time, the only thing I could comprehend were my bladder. I was marching on autopilot, and I was barely able to play. I had never been more desperate in my entire life, and for the first time, I seriously thought I was going to wet my pants, right there, in front of a few hundred marching band students. Then it happened....

Another urge hit me, and I tried to hold it all in. However, I felt a small squirt move its way down my shaft and burst from it's tip, slightly soaking the front of my grey boxer briefs. It eventually slowed to a very slow dribble, and though it didn't show on the front of my dark blue jeans shorts, I thought that if things continued, I would eventually be standing in a puddle of my own pee, with everyone watching...

Feeling myself getting wetter by the second, my dick pulsing softly against my underwear as pee dribbled from the tip, and on the verge of tears, I whimpered quietly:

"If anyone is listening, please PLEASE let this practice end. I'll never look at dirty pictures of girls peeing themselves on the internet ever again! Just let me go!!!"

Right then, the disembodied voice of a band director said over the loudspeaker "Practice is over guys, you did good".

I walked off the field, trying to maintain my composure and not draw attention to myself, and made a beeline for the restrooms. I walked in right when a few people made their way out, and had the whole bathroom all to myself.

Bolting to a urinal, another squirt hitting my underwear, I yanked down my fly, pulled it out, and let loose.

There was no greater feeling in the universe than relieving that pressure. I let out a deep, almost sexual moan that at the time made blush. Feeling dizzy, legs ready to buckle, I put a hand up on the wall to steady myself.

Checking myself, I realized that I made a sizable, upside-down teardrop wet patch on my underwear that started at the front and stretched down past my balls. There was a much smaller wet spot on the front of my shorts, which was undetectable in the dark, thank goodness.

Stepping out the bathroom, I began walking to my parent's car, waiting in the parking lot, feeling the wetness rub uncomfortably against me.

As for my promise to "never look at dirty pictures of girls peeing themselves", I broke it after about a couple of weeks (curse you puberty!).

I still think karma is going to make me wet my pants in public one of these days for breaking it...

