Car Journey

Author: SomeBronyGuy

*000*2012-06-11 01:58

The weather is hot, the location is Florida and I am on vacation with a group of friends from our home in the UK. We have just woken up in Naples, west Florida, and have a day planned in Miami on the opposite side of the state. A friend of ours is driving us.

I was younger and more naive then. The weather was scorching, providing the perfect opportunity for me to finish an entire large bottle of Sprite in about 30 minutes, as I dozed next to the pool. I am woken suddenly by my friends, telling me we need to hit the road.

I scramble up quickly, sleepily walking towards the car and resume my light slumber in the back of the air conditioned car. We hit the road, travelling through the Everglades.

About half an hour in I am woken from my slumber. I sit up and look around, the road surrounded by swamp land. I sit up and t- "OOH.. My groin" I think to myself, "What is th- .. oh ... OH .. NO". The reality hit me, or rather, the 2l of Sprite did. My bladder was full, and I needed relief.. quickly.

"GUYS, I NEED THE BATHROOM" I call in need.

"Sorry dude, there's no services for another 50 mile, you're gonna have to wait"

50 miles. Fifty, arduous, bladder cramping miles. I sat back, internally regretting my actions and running through the embarrassment of wetting myself in front of my friends. I had to hold it in, I could make it.

My bladder was already full, I could feel my bladder pushing against me, tugging impatiently at my erect shaft, desperately screaming "RELEASE ME.. RELIEVE YOURSELF". I squirmed, I fidgeted, I tried to look inconspicuous.

"Are you sure you're gonna make it?" My friends joked, "Don't want to spend the day in wet pants".

I ignored them, I couldn't lose concentration on the tense battle I was having with my bladder. It's ever tugging and nagging cramps driving me insane. "WHY DID I DRINK THAT SPRITE? WHY- NO, STOP THINKING ABOUT THE SPRITE. JUST THINK ABOUT.. ermm.. THINK OF THE BEACH".

I fought perilously to keep myself contained. My member was firm and erect against my somewhat tight briefs.

This was proving a big problem.

It's erect state had meant my foreskin had rolled back somewhat. The bare, unprotected head of my penis gently grazed against the fabric of my briefs every time I moved. A cruel, teasing, tickling sensation was the consequence, pulling my will away from me.

I stared out the window, huddled away from my friends. My frantic, desperate attempts slowly wearing, as the irresistible urge grew larger.

"PULL OVER" I pleaded.

"What?"

"PULL OVER. I'LL GO AT THE SIDE OF THE ROAD"

"Dude there's crocodiles out there, we're not pulling over"

I clenched over in defeat of my pleas, my member being grazed against once more, with a rubbing sensation almost begging for me to reward it with the sweet release of my bladder.

"Hey look, there's a fuel station here"

I shot up to confirm the sighting. There was salvation ahead.

I knew my turmoil was almost at an end, I jolted back to my seat, to realise that the lapse of concentration I had just emitted costed me. I had leaked, I felt a small, warm patch surrounding my head. I painfully held back the gush of urine waiting to pour from my cramped bladder. The wet patch providing some welcome relief from the cruel rubbing on my member.

We pulled up, I frantically undid my seatbelt and hobbled out of the car. As I hit the floor, I felt the balloon of urine inside of me slosh, forcing me to groan in pain. I hobbled, not running, not walking, over to the service station, my hands firmly clasped to my crotch.

"RELEASE ME, NOW, LET GO AND RELIEVE YOURSELF", my crotch communicated with its painful rush of cramps.

I hobbled through the bathroom door. The mere sight of a urinal proved too much. I burst as I pulled down my waist line. A powerful, hose like, stream of urine crashed against the urinal, splashing in every direction. I let a gigantic sigh of relief, watching as the clear liquid continued to bash against the urinal, splashing me and the surrounding walls. I felt my bladder shrinking, and felt somewhat victorious in my struggle against cruel happenings.

I strolled proudly back to the car, still sporting splash marks on my pants and belted back in.

"Try hit the target next time, christ!"

I was jeered by my friends, but, all in all, it didn't bother me. I knew my circumstances were bleak, and the victory I felt negated any feeling I had for them.

