How I got here (Lexie's Side)

Author: Ryan Blide

*000*2017-08-27 23:06

Last night was SO much better than I expected! I was at a restaurant with my bf, and I had worn 3 pairs of panties, and a long dress. As we ate, I kept asking the waiter for more water. I kept drinking until i really had to go. I stayed desperate, I was trying not to show any signs of desperation, but the wiggling in my seat was giving it away. 

Finally Ryan asked: "Do you have to go to the bathroom?" I was a bit worried that he was on to me, but I did respond with: "Yeah...". I thought "Maybe... Just maybe, He would like it," So i just kept sitting there. As we continued to talk, he asked "You know they have a bathroom here right?" I said: "Yeeah...". I watched his face, and I don't think he was getting it. So i turned up the heat... I started to rub my bladder with my hands, after just a few seconds of this, I looked at him and could tell that he was aroused by this. After I was sure he liked it, I let out enough to show a wet spot on my outer layer of panties, Then, Lifted up my skirt where he could see the spot. He kept getting more and more excited! I was already turned on, but him being turned on, made me feel over excited, I could feel my fetish growing, Finally I leaned forward and said :"How much do you dare me?"

"Dare you too... too... go?" I nod. "Now?" he asked. I nod again. He then leans back, and said, "I'm watching...", I wasn't going to let it all out at once encase of dripping, but that was hard with my fetish knocking at the door, and the excitement of Ryan having this fetish too. So i slowly let it out. And, Not a single drip, I love it when you manage to let your fetish take control of you while minimizing cleanup. Afterwards, we drove back to our apartment, and I showed him Omorashi and told him my fetish. He told me that he actually knew about my fetish ever sense we met. He said that there was no other explanation for the urine smell in my laundry basket. And that he had been loving it sense day one, and that he wants to try it!

So last night may have by far been the best and most fetish reliving night of my life!

If your bf/gf husband/wife has this fetish, Comment your story on how you found out.

