Incidents from a Friend

Author: Newbz

*000*2021-09-28 08:55

I have a fairly talkative friend who over the years in just random conversions would talk about incidence she would have concerning the bathroom. Here is a list of moments where she was very desperate and keep in mind she has a decent sized bladder and tolerance.

So after a family trip as she was heading home, her siblings offered her $900 to hold it for the 4 hour trip home. She told me what she drank in detail it was: five 350 ml soda cans and three 600 ml bottles of water. She has this weird pattern of when she tells us these stories to give out what she drank in detail, like she only drank like 2 1/2 of the water. She wanted to give in by the third hour cause it was the first time she ever saw her stomach bulge and that scared her but, unfortunately there where no gas stations on the way.

Bonus points even if she wanted to go in the bushes or a side road, her mother said that they where in snake country so she had no way to stop and go. The 4th hour was hell as she called it, she is the type to sit still and not move cause she felt like a balloon ready to pop. When they did make it home she admitted to have slightly wet herself, not enough to stain the seats but her pants where slightly damp, at least she won the $900. In total she drank about 3 liters of fluid over 4 hours.

Friends introduce her to the world of internet challenges and dared her to drink a gallon of milk in a hour. In her mind not possible so she refused at first the it turned into if she can even drink a gallon of milk. 5 hours later and 1/2 into the jug she wanted to use the bathroom, but they insisted she needed to do it in one sitting. At that point she gave up and called it quits and went to the toilet but her house had an issue with the toilet flooding out. Her friends and herself awent over the street so she can use the bathroom at one of their houses. Thankfully she made it but similar to the pervious experience had that same feeling like a balloon moment but held on better.

One time in an amusement park she drank and entire 2 liter bottle of soda over the course of 8 hours. "I don't do public restrooms" is what she said and was banking on the heat offsetting how much she drank. She was correct and her desperation wasn't too crazy, but her mother noticed that she was potty dancing on the spot and demanded that she used the bathroom. After a bit of fighting her mother just called it quits and decided to leave the park. The trip home was hell and only leaked into her panties when they arrived home.

Funny enough a day after she shared those stories she sent us a few messages about trying to hold it all day. I cannot recall the messages for word so I will paraphrase it:

Her: so I held in going to the bathroom all day and I am regretting it!

Me: "What?"

Her: "I got curious about the talk yesterday, when I typed that I fled"

Me: "Curious about what? Explain yourself please"

Her: "What would happen holding it in all day"

Her: "It didn't work, so I gave up as soon as I hold you about it"

Me: "Why would you do that, feeling a bit bad that us prodding you yesterday caused this."

Her:" It's cool though to be honest I felt like a balloon the moment I moved too much I thought I was going to pop. I drank my body weight worth of water so I guess that was deserved"

We didn't poke much after that, she has many other stories but those are the ones I remember from memory, later I will dig up in old chat logs and see.

