I want more desperation...

Author: Cloudtrip

*000*2021-02-28 03:36

Hey, guys so I’ve been lurking on this site for a while now and finally decided to make an account. I plan to share my experiences in the future but right now I desperately (no pun intended) want to see my boyfriend desperate to pee and watch him pee without me asking. He doesn’t know that I am into this stuff and I don’t plan on telling him right now.

One time in school, I for the first time since we started dating saw him desperate to go. This was in high school and we both just recently graduated...so basically almost a year ago before schools closed because of the pandemic. He was on the football team and they are required to drink a lot of water before practices or games. He usually goes to pee at lunchtime because of it, but we were having exams today plus he told me that he had a meeting with his coach at lunch today so I was curious as to how this might unfold.

By the end of the day, I had to pee kinda bad due to long exams and drinking water in between to stay hydrated. I preferably like to hold it until I get home because I enjoy the feeling, but my best friend really had to pee so I had to endure being in the bathroom and not going listening to her loud stream hit the water. Not going to lie I felt my bladder pound at that moment and it made me have to go more. I wondered how long she was holding it because her stream was kinda long and powerful. When she came out of the stall she said “I had to pee so bad you have no idea”.“I could tell,” I replied. I told her I would meet her in the car later and went to my boyfriend’s last class to wait for him.

He had an accounting exam that took forever to end even though the bell had already rung to end the school day. So I was leaning by some locker with my ankles crossed in some effort to hold my pee while I waited. Didn’t have to wait too long though because he came out looking kinda anxious and he had a hand in his pocket. “Hey babe”, is what I said as soon as I saw him and the first thing he said as he walked towards me was “I need to pee so fucking bad right now. He kissed me then walked quickly to the bathroom. 

As soon as he said that it was like I was in a trance. My heart started to beat faster and my crotch was tingling. I was so tempted to catch up with him and stop him from going into the bathroom but at that moment I couldn’t move. I wanted to see him desperate and the thought of that was turning me on more which made me have to pee so bad now. I did a little bend forward to relieve some of the pressure and then contemplated going to the bathroom now or waiting. I decided on the latter and texted him and told him I would facetime him tonight when he was done with football practice.

On the ride home I wasn’t even listening to my best friend. I was still thinking about what just happened and at the same time trying not to wet my pants. I was getting desperate now and kept my legs close together. Finally got home and as I was walking towards my room I went on Snapchat and saw my boyfriend had posted something not too long ago. Me being curious watched it and couldn’t believe what I saw.

He took a video of him pushing the bathroom but it wasn’t opening, and in the slight second you could also see that one leg was over the other and he was slightly bouncing before he went to push the door. He captioned it “I have to pee so bad and this school is already locking the bathroom. Damn I’m really about to pee myself”. That right there sent me over the edge and I had to rush to the toilet to release my bladder. It felt so good and as I was thinking about those words he said. I was literally weak while sitting on the toilet and just sitting there hearing my pee gush out of me.

Later that day my boyfriend and I went on our call and I brought up the Snapchat post just to ease my way in to talking about his desperation. He was telling me how he didn’t have time after his meeting to pee and how he was dying in the exam trying to hold his pee in. Even though he posted that he did end up finding a bathroom that wasn’t locked and peed.

I will probably post more of my experiences in the future of different encounters or some of my boyfriend if…..if I encounter anymore. If you guys know how I can see him desperate more times and watch him pee I would love that.

*004*2021-03-03 00:44

{{10 hours ago, Secret2020 said:

I had the same problem for a while. I really wanted to see my boyfriend desperate to pee, but he didn't know about my fetish and has a strong bladder and amazing control. I couldn't tell when he needed to pee and he never got desperate.

Eventually there was a morning we were still laying in bed since we both had the day of, and my arm was resting on his bladder. He asked me to move my arm because he needed to pee and my arm was making him need to go more. I did remove my arm, but tried to keep him from going to the bathroom without being obvious. I succeeded for such a long time, that he had to go really bad at some point. That's when I decided to tell him I enjoyed him holding his pee..it was a struggle for me to get the words out of my mouth, but he helped by trying to understand what I wanted to say and was really understanding. He asked some questions about it and said that he was willing to delay going to the bathroom every now and then if it made me happy. It was such a relieve that he finally knew. He even held his pee a little longer before he finally went to the bathroom, 3 hours after mentionening he had to go.

So my point is, try to find a way to tell him. Maybe ask him about what he likes to start the conversation or make him guess by giving some hints.

}}

Thank you for the tips. I hope my boyfriend has a decent reaction when I tell him.

