A Golden Angel (First part)

Author: Shayisgames

*000*2017-06-10 16:59

*ADVISORY*

This compilation is a work of non-fiction. The names and locations mentioned have been altered to protect the identities of those involved.

Allow me to begin by introducing myself, I am Veritas Cypher a twenty year old male who was lucky enough to become a teller at a local bank in my home town of Maston, Tennessee. This job has provided me with a favorable window of time to work on my true passions; music, writing, cooking, fighting, and courting young women. Given the content of this wonderful community I'm sure that all of you are most interested in the fourth passion, so that will be the focus of this work. I will take one final moment to mention that this will continued if the readers so choose for me to. Thank you for taking the time and having the consideration to read this foreword.

Sequence one: Discovering Myself Through a Golden Angel

It was the summer before high school for me I had turned thirteen less than a week ago, and my parents decided I was mature enough to go around our town as I pleased so long as I was home before curfew. which in our jurisdiction began at ten in the evening and ended at six in the morning. A very small music venue opened up recently underneath an old clothing store, everyone referred to it as "Molly's Place."It was a good sized concrete square basement with a reception and food area up front which was adjoined by a set of bathrooms. Towards the back there was a dance floor with a stage set into the raised block work along the far wall just large enough for a five or six man band to play.

I walked into town one afternoon and saw that a good friend of my older brother was unloading his drum set into the building. When I asked him about it he flippantly informed me that he and his group were performing that night and asked if I wanted to stick around and help them set up. Naturally I accepted immediately and went inside to the sound box and began turning on the room speakers they already brought in. After around an hour and a half everything was set up, The vocalist of the band offered me a few dollars for my help and a spot on stage so I wouldn't be jostled around the room by the crowd. I said yes to both offers and took a seat in what used to be an outward facing window that was now bricked up.

The show was amazing for an amateur band in a small local spot like this nearly two hundred tickets were sold at the door mainly to local students and their parents. There was one pair that stood out to me though, My older brother was walking around talking with a cute thin blonde haired girl. They had obviously seen me side stage and after the show were waiting for me outside by the entrance. My brother introduced us and we exchanged phone numbers. Later than evening I received a text message that I had no clue would eventually change my entire perspective on life. "This is Angelica, your brother had me meet you earlier, I just wanted to say you're really cute and I wanted to know if you'd like to hang out sometime???? :-)"

Three days later we were at her mother's house on the other end of town after that first day we saw each other very often. days drew into weeks and before anyone could have guessed it we were as romantically involved as two youths of thirteen could be. On one particular day we decided to go on a walk through the woods to where a small lake was I noticed something was different about her that day though. on our way through the woods she had a bit of a sway in her walk, she was wearing make-up and a cute purple and black skirt. My mind was racing trying to find answers as to why she was dressed up like this, and why she was walking so oddly. She must have caught me staring as she snapped my attention back ahead of us where the lake was getting into view.

We sat at the edge of the water kissing and looking around occasionally to make sure we were alone, after a short while she slid herself onto my lap and began to kiss my neck. Before I knew what I was doing I pushed her back onto the grass as we began to awkwardly grind into each other. It was sweet and impassioned she began to moan and had me grab her chest. in the moments of excitement however she gasped and put her hands between her thighs When I asked her what was wrong she blushed a crimson red and stammered.

" I..I peed just a little.... I don't think I can stand up my bladder hurts." she shivered and more piss leaked from between her fingers. I shifted off of her quick and had her pull her skirt up, she was so desperate she didn't even object when i moved her hands and began to pull her panties down as I did she began to pee full force into the ground. It splashed down her legs, her panties and were soaked and her skirt was absorbing some of the liquid. The torrent soon settled into a stream which further settled into a few drips clinging to her girl-hood.

She looked up at me tears beginning to form in her eyes, I smiled at her and knelt down kissing her again. My hand trailed to her thigh still wet from her accident. she rested a hand on my head and slowly began to push me down from her mouth. "Will... Will you help me clean up a little bit?" She looked at me biting her lower lip before flicking her tongue out. I may not have been experienced what so ever, but anyone guy that recognizes that knows what it means. I went down on her licking her clean. The taste of her now cold piss filling me with odd emotions I had yet to experience. As I moved up her legs i felt her shudder and tremble when i finally reached her pussy she grabbed my head again and moaned loudly and I licked her soft velvet with clumsy wide strokes. When I was finally done i helped her get herself put back together minus a pair of soiled panties, and we walked back to her mothers house as if nothing had happened what so ever.

I think we all know what we were both thinking, it was what we could only define as the beginnings of love, but it was also the beginning of my brand new obsession, an obsession that has lasted longer than our relationship

More to come very soon, steamier, hotter, and most definitely more wet.

*003*2017-06-11 23:50

Sequence two: A Night Without Supervision

Several weeks had passed since the first incident and I had been curious as to the likelihood of it occurring again. Angelica and I spoke of it somewhat frequently, at times she seemed embarrassed remembering it others she seemed almost excited. Then one day we were at her mother's house when she came into the front room where we were relaxing and watching an old horror movie I had borrowed from my brother's collection. Lynn smiled at me and asked if we would be alright alone tonight as she had to attend a meeting in a city about an hours drive to the east. I didn't get a chance to respond before Angelica piped up and said "We'll be fine mom!" Lynn looked around for a moment before asking what we would make for dinner, once again Angelica spoke for both of us claiming that I was going to cook dinner. I tried to speak, but as i did Angelica shot me a glare that clearly read "Just smile, and agree." Being rather meek at this point I did and began to wonder just what she had planned.

Lynn's smile widened as she jokingly stated for me to not burn her house down. with that she grabbed her suitcase and overnight bag and left for her car. A chill went down my spine as I heard that powerful eight cylinder Cadillac fire up and leave the rocky drive way. A few moments of silence save for the noise of the television followed. I had begun to get distracted by the movie when I noticed Angelica staring at me intently, with a quick spring she leapt from her spot across the couch and tackled me causing my head to sink slightly into the cushions. She was like a starved fiend kissing my neck and clinging to my body I managed to get her to stop by pushing her up by her shoulders. She pouted and exclaimed "Veritas, I'm... well. I'm horny, I've been horny all day thinking about what happened the other week. I don't know what it is, but I want to feel that way I felt again."

"Angel," I interrupted "Are you serious?" She just blushed and grabbed my hand while lifting her plaid skirt. I could feel the dampness clinging to her panties I was unsure if it was from her being turned on or if it was from her leaking. "Veritas," She cooed "I haven't peed since you got here this morning, and I've got to go really bad." she pressed my fingers against the fabric harder and began to move her hips from side to side. With my free hand I grabbed her at the waist and told her to get up. She did and sat beside me holding herself until I told her that we should go to the toilet if she really insisted on this. The biggest smile spread across her face as we walked down the short hall to the small tiled bathroom. i stepped in and turned on the light

I looked back at her and saw that she was having a lot of trouble standing still, she knocked her knees together and bounced around telling me to hurry up and strip down to get into the tub. I thought it was weird at first, but my raging teenage hormones and throbbing boner won out against my rational thought. Before I knew it I was lying down in the bathtub naked as she was struggling to get her skirt down.

She gasped and began to spurt on the tiles. without wasting anymore time she jumped into the tub and squatted down above my face drenching me in pale golden fluid. The first tastes of it hit my tongue on accident, but it didn't take long for me to raise up to start sucking and licking at the soaking wet fabric clinging to her skin. she shuddered as the last spurts left her and looking down at me I saw pure lust flash in her eyes before she moved her panties out of the way. She rode my tongue letting it explore deep into her warm tender body. She moaned begging me to keep going before forcing herself up and stepping back. She eyed me for a moment before asking if she thought we were ready to go a little further. I told her it was her decision and that if she really wanted to I wouldn't tell her no.

She smiled blushing wildly before cautiously sliding down onto my rock hard cock and laying herself against me. The sex was gentle, slow, and quite loving and what in reality probably lasted less than three or four minutes felt as if it were an eternity to us. I finished before she did pulling out and cumming on her thigh, meanwhile she had started playing with herself and crept back to get a taste of the jizz still clinging to my dick. After a moment of her licking me the sensations got too intense for me to handle so i grabbed her to make her stop. Winking I stated we should probably get cleaned up which lead to my first shower with a girl

A lot of firsts that night, first time I had sex, first time I had been pissed all over, first time I showered with a girl...

All in all it was a good night, but i still wonder to this day if it was really worth it. Perhaps maybe we were moving too fast.

