Holding pee contest (in school)

Author: Banzai-

*000*2017-09-06 12:50

So yeah, I'm new here, hi.

Just to clarify, I am a guy.

I've been an omo fan for maybe 2 years now. So a couple of days back, I asked my classmate to do a challenge. I hope you will like my story (this will be kinda short) :)

I asked my classmate(female) to do a pee holding challenge. She doesn't like omo but she knows I do (I'm more of a desperation guy).

So we both drank 2 water bottles. Then first class came. Nothing much, maybe I was at a 2 in the desperation scale (she said she was also 2). Then second class. This is where it started. We had a quiz bee, so it took about 2 hours. Then after second class i asked that both of us should drink a glass, and we did.

The third class was an exam. In the middle of the test I saw her crossing and shaking her legs. It was pretty obvious that she was maybe in a 6 or 7. I was in a 7. A few more minutes into the test and her leg crossings were tighter and more frequent. I crossed my legs occasionally.

Lunchtime. 2 and a half hours. I told her to buy a milk tea, since i bought one. We both finished ours. Then we played some games with our friends. Afterwards, she said she was 8 in the desperation scale. I was in 9, since i drank more water.

4th period. This was grueling. My bladder kept getting fuller, and i had to hold it for one more hour. She felt the same, she told me. I saw her crossing her legs and one time grabbing her crotch, but i think no one noticed. While in class, she told me that she was at the brink of peeing herself. She also said that she leaked a tiny drop in her panties. I held on, no leaks. Though my bladder was hurting that time. She told me hers also hurted. By the end od the class we were both at 9.9 in the desperation scale.

There was a break before the last class. During that time I could see that see was shaking, legs crossed, and when she was walking she walks while fidgeting. and she doesn't stand straight. Meanwhile I was crossing my legs and hoping that she would call a truce.

Here was the 'best part'. We walked up to each other and said at the same time: "Truce". It was kinda funy since we both wanted a freakin truce, cuz both of our bladder were FULL AS HECK. She also told me she felt another leak. So both of us talked while walking to the bathrooms, then we separated to each bathroom. It felt so damn good to release the warm pee. Then I waited for her outside. We she got back, she told me she had to wait a bit since all the cubicles were occupied. She said that the release felt so damn good that she moaned.

Bonus fact

We were supposed to do the challenge a week earlier, but she said she had a period that time.

Well that is all

I knew some of her experiences cuz she told me afterwards XD

Again, I'm a newbie

This is my first story

And I am open to suggestions and comments

Thanks ?

*006*2017-09-09 09:31

First of all

Technically, it wasn't full blown wetting she did, just a few leaks

Second

Ok then, imma just be sure to post in the right place next time

