So I woke up with an upset stomach

Author: speckle

*000*2022-01-14 02:51

I've been really into messing for a while, but I don't usually get the chance to do it because the cleanup is too exhausting and I normally don't feel desperate enough for it to be fun. However, I woke up today with a sort of upset stomach. I think it was from the sugar-free hard candies I had eaten a day or so ago, but they usually didn't cause the amount of stomach growling and gas that I had. It wasn't too bad after a few farts, though, so I assumed I could have my morning coffee and go about my day without it really becoming too much of an issue.

I may have been mistaken. Immediately after finishing that coffee, I tried to let out what I assumed was a quieter fart and realized it probably wouldn't have been a fart had I continued pushing. I stayed glued to my seat for a moment afterwards and let the following wave of discomfort pass, getting up only when I was sure I wouldn't have an accident in my own living room. I went upstairs and considered using the toilet then and getting it over with, but I figured it had been a while since my stomach had been this unpredictable and went back to my room to work on some other stuff. My room is conveniently right next to a toilet, so if I wanted to bail, I could. At least, I thought I could.

So, I got a bit distracted while I was supposed to be productive. My hands were shaking, my stomach felt fuller than it did after a self-indulgent midnight snack, and my mind was all over the place. The logical side of my brain told me to just get up and go, but the other side was already opening an incognito tab and searching for ways to increase my desperation even more using those desperation quizzes as inspiration. I told myself I wouldn't actually mess myself, I'd just make myself get really close and run to the toilet, but I put on a pair of white boxers that I wasn't too attached to just in case. A lot of online quizzes suggested I get something to eat and drink, and as full as I already felt, I went downstairs and grabbed a muffin, some fruit juice, and some granola. 

By the time I got finished with that, as light as that would normally seem, I felt heavier. It was a little embarrassing having to rub my stomach to stop it from aching the entire walk back up to my room, especially when I was beginning to notice my stomach peeking out from the outfit that had fit me perfectly yesterday and confirming that I was a bit heavier. I sat back down on my bed and tried to go back to work, squirming and fidgeting, with the need to pee starting to concern me as well. I didn't think it would be wise to honestly go through any of the online quizzes I had opened; however, I did stand up, squat down, and push a little to keep my focus centered on the messing desperation. After all, wasn't that the whole point of starting this? I farted again, pulling down my shorts for a moment and feeling the back of my underwear to make sure it was just a fart.

Feeling nothing, I sat back down and started trying to go back to work. At this point, it was more pretending to work than anything else, but it was keeping me occupied. That is, until I felt another wave of desperation that wasn't going away. I farted again, but this particularly loud fart caused me to pee a little. I ran as naturally as I could to get a towel with all my muscles in the area clenched tightly, knowing I would need a shower regardless of what happened next. I crossed and uncrossed my legs while selecting one, hiding behind the closet door in case someone walked by and wondered what on earth I was doing.

I practically threw it onto the towel rack and darted back into my room to pick out clothes to wear afterwards, realizing I had made a big mistake by deciding to pick out clothes at this point. I had to squat down to reach some of the drawers in my room. I practically moaned while lowering my body to a level I could reach the drawers at, farting on the way down and holding my hand to my bum to make sure nothing else came out. I paused for a moment to make sure I was in a spot where everything would stay in, haphazardly picked out the first outfit I could find, and raised myself slowly. I threw my clothes onto my bed, strangely proud of myself for holding it in that moment. That pride didn't last me very long, though. In my frazzled state of mind, I had forgotten to get myself pants from that drawer.

Of course, I could have said, "I'll get a pair of pants after I use the toilet and take a shower," as it really wasn't that big of a deal. In hindsight, I could have done that with all of my clothes. Something stopped me from doing that, though. Some level of stubbornness that I forgot I even had made me march back over to the drawers, squat down again, and fight through the pain, ignoring the slow but fortunately short stream of pee that leaked into my underwear in lieu of a bigger challenge. I threw the pants onto my bed, slightly less proud with the dampness of my underwear and my nervous little dance to the bathroom making me feel a bit ridiculous. 

I turned on the shower, pulling down my pants in time to watch the wet spot on the front of my boxers grow until I squeezed my legs together and managed to regain control to prevent leaking on the floor. However, taking the rest of my clothes off besides the boxers made me realize something else. I had taken my phone into the bathroom with me without even noticing. This also wouldn't be a big deal under any normal circumstances, but I was already panicking. I didn't want to try to find somewhere to set it down in case it fell into the sink or toilet, and I didn't want to put the rest of my clothes on and put it back in my room because I was already barely holding on. I really didn't want to pee through my shorts, too, because I happened to like this pair of shorts.

I didn't really have any choices left, though, because I started peeing again. Still not wanting the floor to be wet, I sat over the edge of the bathtub like a toilet and started emptying my bladder into it. Maybe I could wash this pair of underwear in here and keep them, I thought, but my stomach disagreed. I tried to stop peeing the second I felt something solid start to come out, but with my phone in my hands, I couldn't do much to prevent it. I sat on the edge of the tub for a second, but when I realized I had to get up if I wanted to make it to the toilet and lifted my butt up, everything happened at once. I sharted while still peeing, but the relief from that shart made my body totally give in. I effortlessly and uncontrollably filled my underwear with what felt like the biggest mess I had done in a while, walking over to the mirror and finally finding a stable place to put my phone down the second I thought I was done just so I could see the size of it. 

It was a lump about as heavy as my fist, and it had completely turned a large spot on the back of my previously white boxers brown. I checked the front again to see it completely soaked, but during this, my stomach became uneasy again. I think I could have made it this time, but with my underwear already destroyed, I squatted back down over the bathtub and added another load about half as big, once again checking it out in the mirror and sighing with both mild disappointment with myself for making such a mess literal inches away from a toilet when I could have made it if I had been a bit smarter and relieved comfort that I hadn't felt all day. I felt the lump with my hand, noticing how mushy it was compared to the firmer messes I was used to. No wonder this was the closest thing to a real accident I've had in a while.

Either way, I definitely didn't keep that pair of underwear.

