Desperation Sighting i had today (no wetting)

Author: needapee1

*000*2012-11-06 23:34

Today at collage I was waiting out side of the class room near the end of my lunch break. A girl caught my eye she was quiet short (about 5.5) had red hair. She was wearing tight blue jeans and just a thin top you could see the out line of her bra.

I noticed as she was talking to her friends she was squirming around a little on the spot. She was crossing her legs quiet tightly and held her hands pretty low. I knew she was desperate to pee you could tell.

Next she went into the classroom next to ours and I saw her sit down. Because they were waiting for late students they left the door open. So standing outside you could see straight in. I couldn’t help but notice her legs were double crossed and had one hand jammed into her crotch underneath the table and was continuing to jiggle around In her seat she was truly desperate. I didn’t know why she wouldn’t pee on her break but she continued to hold it.

At this point my teacher turned up and we had to go into lesson I wanted to see how this went but I was gutted and had to just carry on. About half an hour in I had to go print something off and the printer is in the corridor. Conveniently near to the ladies room and right next to there is a disabled toilet. I did my printing until I noticed this girl from earlier come out of her class room and literally run past me straight to the toilets. She looked as if her bladder was going to explode.

At this point I thought this is far to good to miss because the mens is a floor down I sometimes used the disabled one myself. So after she had gone through the girls door I went into the disabled. Inside there is a small vent which must be straight through to the ladies so you can clearly hear stuff. When I was in there I heard a rapid clatter some rustling and then a loud hissing pee. Honestly she must have been bursting it must of gone on easily over a min and a half or 2. It was such a turn on she must have a bladder the size of a football !

Once she had finished I heard the toilet roll rattle so I hurried out and waiting back by the printer and done the other half of stuff. Then she came out. as she walked by she sighed as she held her hand over her relived bladder. She must of really felt the pressure. She as gave me a cheeky smile as she looked straight by me. This girl was hot and is defiantly one of the sightings I will remember for a while.

This my second post on here and i just want to contribute to this awesome forum :)

Also sorry for my bad English skills if some of the writting dont make sense.

