Tried holding

Author: SoggyShorts

*000*2019-09-25 00:38

Well, as I've mentioned in other threads, I'm generally more into wetting than holding, most likely because I love wet clothes (not just ones that have been peed in), but I decided yesterday that I would try holding because it's been a while.

Well, guys, I'm here to tell you that was fucking amazing!

I had already wet two pair of pants (in public) that particular morning, and was trying to decide where to go and what to do for the third. I decided to go for a walk in the park. The park I chose is located in the middle of my city, I'm not really sure how big it is, but at the core is a playground, a large swimming pool (closed for the season) and a small lake. The lake and pool are right up tight against each other, and it's about half a mile walk to go all the way around.

When i got to the park, my bladder was at about an 8 or 9 out of 10 for fullness. I'd had enough water to drink that I could actually hear it sloshing around in my belly as I walked, and I knew very well from experience that current bladder contents plus imminent bladder contents came to a number significantly larger than bladder capacity, so all I really had to do was wait.

I walked around the lake and pool and I stopped for a moment to look at the pool. It was about 1/4 full and they were working on draining it. You could hear the gushing of the water being pumped out and into the lake. I felt the pressure build, and was right on the verge of leaking, so I started moving again.

I made my way most of the way around the lake, but rather than walk past where my car was parked (didn't want to tempt myself to chicken out), I turned around and started walking back in the other direction. I got to where I could see the discharge pipe from the pool. It is about 6" in diameter, and water was just gushing out of it. As I stood there staring at it and listening, the first spurt leaked out. I regained control and continued walking. All the way around the end of the pool, I decided to stop and look at the marsh that is near the pool. I tried to count slowly to ten while standing still. I only got as far as seven by the time three leaks came out, and i started walking again. I could feel the first runner go down my left leg and got as far as my knee. If I weren't wearing shiny black pants, it'd be plain for anyone to see that I'd peed my pants.

I came around to where the main entrance to the pool is located, and decided to stand still there, and read the entire set of rules just under my breath. There were about twenty of them, I'd guess. The third one, "Swimsuits only" is about where the next spritz escaped into my pants. Another one came out when I got to the fifth rule, ironically, the one that says, in so many words, not to pee in the pool. I reached the bottom of the sign with about five more squirts in my pants, and took a side-jaunt over to the pavillion, in search of more signs to read exhaustively. I found one. Three more leaks. Then I moved on.

Near where I entered the park was a dog park within the park. Oh, hey! Another rules sign! Let's read it! Two more squirts, and then a long stream. Just before the end of the sign, I gave up and let it all go. I was on grass, but I had to cross a paved area. I left wet footprints across that paved area before I got to my car and went on my way.

All in all, one for the books. I really enjoyed it.

*003*2019-10-08 01:00

{{On 10/5/2019 at 6:15 AM, Snowpants said:

Don't you just love shiny black nylon pants! So great to enjoy wetting in public and not give away your experience to anyone around you.

}}

Yes, I do! The unlined ones soak super-fast, too. I also have some blue ones for when i am feeling more adventurous.

