Co-Worker Peed My Bed

Author: Jcooper

*000*2017-08-06 19:37

This happened a couple years back over 4th of July weekend with a friend of mine named Lauren. Lauren and I worked together at a bar, including two shifts where we worked both lunch and dinner, so we ended up hanging out quite a bit. Outside of the fact that we worked together and both liked to drink (pretty common for folks working at bars), we didn't have much overlap in interests, but still had a good time together.

On this particular night, Lauren and a couple other girls we worked met up at a bar later on in the night; I had been out with a few friends I played soccer with and headed down the street to meet the girls once things were wrapping up on our end. It's worth noting that the bar we met at had the same ownership as the bar we worked at, so there was some staff overlap and I knew most everyone working there.

To make a long story short, the girls were already wasted, and celebrated my arrival with a round of shots. Lauren's about 5'7 and 120 pounds, but she drank pretty regularly and usually seemed to hold it together all right.

This time she didn't. About twenty minutes later the other girls had gone to the bathroom, and Lauren was about halfway through a glass of white wine when she got a sort of glazed look in her eyes. I grabbed her around the waist and quickly guided her to the bathroom, running into the other girls near the bathroom entrance and passing Lauren off to them, who took her into the bathroom, where she proceeded to get sick.

Once the first round was over, the other girls (who I guess weren't real close with Lauren) were bored with her, passed her off to me/whoever, and headed out to another club. At that point I was left to carry a half-passed out Lauren through the bar and to my car, which I assume was allowed because the folks working there knew me (although now I think back on it, I guess there wouldn't be a way to tell if two people knew each other in this situation if one is incoherently drunk and can't answer).

Lauren puked again once we got in the car- fortunately the door was open and she got it on the pavement- and I sat trying to figure out what to do. I'd met her boyfriend, who was out of town for work , a couple times but didn't know him well, and I didn't know where they lived, besides the fact they were twenty minutes north. Calling him at 1 in the morning to explain this situation and figure out how to get Lauren home seemed a poor idea. I was also iffy to drive, as I only lived six blocks away and had planned to walk home and get the car in the morning. But Lauren was now slumped over and I didn't want to carry her all the way back.

I drove home, dumped Lauren in my bed, hoping she was done puking, and left a note explaining where she was with a bottle of gatorade, a glass of water, and some aspirin. I then went to sleep on the couch, where I was woken by my roommates and several other friends ready to continue the 4th party. I checked on Lauren, who was still passed out, then hung out outside for a while until I got a text from her asking me to come in my room by myself. Confused, I headed in.

Getting that she wanted privacy, I shut the door behind me. Lauren was sitting on a chair and immediately said, "Dude I am so fucking sorry."

I thought she'd thrown up again and I glanced over at the bed, which had the covers back, and realized she'd pissed in it. Looking back at Lauren, I noticed her jeans and tanktop had huge pee stains on the left side. Her eyes were also red, as if she'd been crying for some time.

Even though I was annoyed about the cleanup and grossed out by Lauren at that point (not so much the pee, but the whole drunken mess), I was still half-turned on by what had happened, but didn't really want anything to happen with Lauren and set that aside.

"No worries, I'll grab you a towel, bathroom is right across the hall. I'm gonna throw the sheets in the wash, if you want your clothes washed feel free to throw them in. I dunno if any of my clothes will fit you but I can ask Nick for something..."

"It's ok, I'll just wear something of yours, I don't want to draw any attention to this," she responded. "And thanks for not being an asshole about it."

"No problem," I said, going into my closet to grab her a towel. Lauren turned around to strip her clothing while I stripped the bed, but didn't bother to cover her butt as she pulled off her orange boy-cut underwear, which were thoroughly soaked. She said she'd wash those in the sink, but threw her jeans and tanktop on top of the pile of peed sheets.

Lauren ended up hanging out most of the day, wearing a tanktop and a pair of my athletic shorts with her sandles, telling anyone who asked she'd crashed on the couch to avoid the drive home and didn't see the point of missing out on hanging out just to get fresh clothes, as if she simply didn't want to wear the same outfit as last night. The story fit all right, especially since we were hanging out playing lawn games and my roommate had bought a bunch of water balloons and a couple super soakers.

Once everything was dried I gave Lauren a ride back to her car. As we pulled up, she reached over and gave me a sort of awkward hug.

"Thanks again for being so cool, I owe you one."

I laughed and said, "Ya you do."

Then she slugged me in the side and said, "But if you ever tell anyone, I swear I'm gonna punch you in the balls."

"Fair enough," I said, and she headed off. Never told anyone we knew about that, but was sure to give her a hard time about it every once in a while.

*002*2017-08-06 21:45

{{2 hours ago, KozmoFox said:

So now she owes you a punch in the balls.

}}

Guess so. Used a different name tho so hopefully I'm good

*005*2017-08-10 01:15

{{On 8/8/2017 at 3:46 PM, aloo said:

That would have sexy as fuck. I'd have been asking her out a few days later if that happened to me!

}}

Ya definitely crossed my mind, I started dating another girl we worked with a couple months later and Lauren broke up with her boyfriend like three weeks after that. But as I say there wasn't a lot of overlap in our interests (especially if you exclude the part about me getting turned on she pissed herself), and hanging out with her when I was single and she was still dating made it a lot easier to meet girls when we were out and about. Plus she didn't have a great bladder capacity, so still got to see enough semi-desperate moments at a few busy bars to stay entertained (unfortunately nothing worth sharing here but enough to spike my interest in person).

