My first intentional holding experience(no wetting)

Author: scoobydooo

*000*2016-06-04 21:23

I've been a lurker here for a while, finally made a few posts and comments to introduce myself and my appreciation for this community. I've been into female desperation and holding for a while now, but I've never been into holding it myself. Well this is my first experience of intentionally holding it just to see what it was like, and the first post of this kind I will have made.

I work on and off in the local film industry, and recently I've been doing a lot of work for a TV show being filming here. Film sets usually have long hours and hundreds of people to get all the shots required and is typically rushed all the time in some way. I used the bathroom when I woke up before I left for work and I didn't use the restroom that whole day although I drank plenty. I think I didn't have to go because it was such a hot day and we were on 2 different locations, both requiring crew to be outside, so I sweat most of it out.

The day started turning to dark, and there were several shots which required that time of day for lighting, and everything was very rushed during that time, a few hours after lunch. Considering the location and the amount of people, it can sometimes be a hassle to use the restroom. Now it wasn't bad, but I could have gone, and I had multiple cans of gatorade (yes cans, didn't know those existed until that set, but the size of a regular soda can), multiple sodas, and multiple bottles of water. I don't remember how many of each, but I had drank more in that day than I usually did.

The night was getting later, it was approaching 1AM and there were a few very important shots left to get, everyone scrambling to finish and go home, so there was little opportunity to walk away from the area immediately around the set, and due to the location, the porta-johns were a few minutes of a walk there and back, not including the time to do your business. My particular Job was one that they could call at any moment, and if you didn't show up within a matter of seconds of calling it looked very bad on you and definitely held production up until you got back. At this time it still wasn't bad, but again, I easily could have gone, I felt like it was getting to that point where I should go to the bathroom. 

Fast forward about 30 minutes, we are finally about to wrap, and the director calls it, "That's a wrap", and at that point it is literally chaos in every department to get packed up and leave. I still have to get signed out with the other guys. We are not on payroll because our crew positions are not usually put on payroll, so we get signed out one by one. Since everything is getting packed up and there will soon be a rush of people leaving, I decide to skip the bathroom because I think I can make it home no problem and it would be too much trouble to wait on other people in line and have to find another van back to parking. It just felt way easier to go straight home. I got in my car and drove home, 45 minute drive, and get home at 2AM. I really wanted to go to the bathroom and here is where it changes from "victim of circumstance" to personal choice.

I'm settling in at home, need to go but think about this fetish I have, and I've never really tried holding myself, but what the hell, I will give it a try. So I don't pee, instead I open this 24oz can (not beer but it was alcoholic) I bought on the way home and start drinking it. During this time I decide to step outside to smoke, I like to smoke before I go to bed to help me sleep. I finished smoking and I'm thinking, maybe I should go, not sure how I feel about this, but I laid in bed anyway and continued to drink until I ended up laying my head back and I just fell asleep like that. I probably finished about half the drink, but the thing is, at that point when I woke up (9:30am), it had been close to 24 hours since I last used the restroom. 

When I woke up, I could feel how full my bladder was and I really think that was the fullest it had ever been, I had to go even before I went to bed, and I really didn't mean to go to sleep like that, I guess I was so tired and I just passed out. So I get up and finally go to the bathroom, but this is where I actually tested out this whole fetish thing, so I might as well admit that the reason I tried holding it last night was to see what difference it would make while masturbating. So I get in the bathroom, really need to pee, fullest my bladder has ever been, and decide to pee after I masturbate which to my surprise, having the full feeling while goin at it was actually enjoyable, and going right after was oddly uncomfortable yet still enjoyable.

I considered holding it as long as I could throughout the day, but I just felt like that was enough for now, I may try to wait longer in the future, but I'm so shy about my fetish with liking to watch, that I'm hesitant to develop anything involving doing it myself.

That's my first experience with trying this fetish out on myself, if at some point in the future I have a girl to try it with me, I will probably indulge in it much more often.

*002*2016-06-06 08:26

I never would have taken into consideration the concentration or any adverse side effects so thanks for the health tip. Last thing I want to do is experiment with something I'm new to and shy about and have it actually hurt me.

