Having fun home alone (pics)

Author: catiekanouse

*000*2017-11-24 20:52

Hello, never really posted before. My name is Catie I’m a trans woman, 28 y/o.

Today I decided to do a hold, since my wife works all day and I was going to be home alone all day. So first thing did was make some coffee, still waking up watching some TV. One cup, then two cups, then a third. After my morning coffee I finally started to feel a little motivation so, so I decided I would do a little cleaning, dishes, make bed. Once I stood up I felt that the coffee slowly filling my bladder. “Damn that’s coming on fast” I thought, “I’m not going to be able to hold for long at this pace”.

After I vacuum, I realized I had a thirst, so I have a glass of water. Once I start drinking water it’s all I want. So first glass down in a matter of seconds, already beginning a second glass. Start cleaning up the kitchen. All the access to water I can handle now. My second glass is down, third. “I think the water is going straight down into my bladder” thinking as a squeeze my legs together.

After I finished cleaning I decided I needed more water. My bladder is already starting to bulge at this point and I’m really starting to feel naughty. “Should I go for a walk, and lose control with everyone to see?” Not this time I answered myself. I pondered a while at how I could make this wetting a fantastic event, but I was losing the motivation that the coffee gave in the morning.

The waist of my jeans pushing down, shrinking my bulging aching bladder. My heart starts pounding with excitement. I know it’s about to happen soon. I’m nearly bursting with excitement now, that’s not going to help me hold it. “But I don’t want to hold it, I want to feel that warmth filling my panties, the wetness soaking my ass and thighs”. I let go, I love hearing the hiss of pee filling my panties and jeans. Oh god the warmth, the relief and wetness, it fills me with euphoria, my knees buckle a little in the pure excitement of the moment. “NO, PLEASE DON’T BE DONE! I WANT TO PEE MORE!” Oh my jeans, I love these jeans, even more now. Motivation is returning to me, I could do a few more chores before I change. If I need to pee again, hell I’m already wet I’ll just let it go.

$$

$$

$$

