Wet Turkey Hunting

Author: Makaveli96

*000*2020-04-22 05:20

I would like to share my first time turkey hunting! WARNING: I hunt to live and live to hunt, I eat whatever I hunt or fish. I am a meat eater not a trophy hunter. that being said! Let’s get on with it!

So this year was my first turkey hunt. I won’t bore you with details because it was uneventful, hunting wise, and I doubt all of you want to heat that.

I am a 26 year old male with slim build 5’ 11” height. My cock is right around 7” inches. I have a road trip bladder meaning I can hold it for a long time! This day I was wearing camo boxers, blue jeans, camo tshirt, Carhart coveralls, camo jacket, and hiking boots.

I had left my city for a public land hunting area not too far out of the metropolitan area. I was brew 4 shots of espresso and a Kcup of coffee, and grabbed a 711 large cup of coffee before leaving town. I arrived at the hunting area before sunrise, finished the 711 coffee and hiked out to my spot. 4 hours later I had come to the conclusion that the winter storm the previous day meant 0 turkeys for this inexperienced turkey hunter. I stood up to take a look around realizing I had 2 cups of coffee in me and several miles of public land to myself, I decided why bother undressing several layers to pee?

Now this is my first publicish wetting all other experiences before or since have been in private.l, it took a while to relax enough to let anything out...but when the first little fame trickling out. I tended up and quit, nervous of being caught. But I still had to piss! I’d sit back down and try calling for turkeys a little bit and then my bladder would ping. I’d immediately stand up and leak what I could before paranoia made me stop. 4 hours later around 1pm I wasn’t stopping because of nervousness or paranoia. I just didn’t want to be obvious in case another hunter or worse game warden wanted to conversate on my way out.

I look down and my coveralls are wet in the crotch....fuck not incognito anymore. I leak once more before giving up and heading to my car. I pack everything away and fill out my check out paper work when....a final ping hits my bladdeer. I look around and say fuck it I have an hour until home! I remove my coveralls and piss the remainder of my bladder into my jeans and drive home. Horny. Exhilarated. And ready to enjoy myself more on solo outdoor adventures! Omg was that thrilling!!

*003*2020-04-27 02:07

@coloradowet

You still hunt in Colorado?

*005*2020-05-01 22:59

{{On 4/27/2020 at 6:12 AM, coloradowet said:

Hunt, forage and explore as often as I can

}}

DM you?

