Witnessing the leaky end of a 10-hour desperate hold

Author: squishmello

*000*2021-07-09 11:04

"hi i'm home i got you a surprise here you go" she says hurriedly, holding a snowcone out to my turned back with a shaky hand. i don't turn around fast enough and her bladder, exhausted from holding it all day, has had enough. her eyes widen as a leak spurts in her panties.

Out of time, she turns and recklessly slams it on the coffee table like a shot glass, hurrying into the bathroom as she fumbles undoing the button on her work shorts with trembling fingers. she begins to lose control as she finally yanks her shorts & panties down her thighs.

Before hitting the seat, she's already peeing, full force. as hot liquid meets porcelain, pure ecstacy washes over her, a ten-hour desperate hold coming to an end alongside her shift. she sighs deeply in overwhelming relief, with a look on her face resembling a toe-curling orgasm

She looks up with a reddened face, still peeing, as i watch in pure joy at the doorway. i can only imagine the hours of fidgeting, grabbing, rubbing & squeezing that preluded this release.

"i haven't peed since 7 this morning" she explains, sort of apologetically. it was now 5pm.

Finally her desperate stream slows to a trickle, and she sighs again in relief. i walk away with a slight smirk. after so proudly proclaiming she stopped for a bathroom break during her last shift, here she is just a day later, nearly peeing her pants on the bedroom floor.

She finally finishes and continues talking about her day as if nothing happened, while i enjoy my banana snowcone. but i know i'll never forget the lovely display i'd been gifted.

And in case i do, that's why i'm writing it here! that really did happen earlier today

*002*2021-07-13 13:29

{{On 7/9/2021 at 8:46 AM, New_Macca said:

Did she stop to buy you a snow cone on the way home despite how full she was? What do you mean about the previous day that she took a bathroom break? Does that mean she was proud to have only took one or she normally doesn’t go all day?

}}

Yeah she did, she really puts others before herself and it's very sweet, sometimes to a fault haha.

She doesn't want to slow down at work by taking a detour on her driving route to stop at a store and take a pee break, but she was proud that she did that for herself instead of torturing her bladder (she's not into omo) just to get done with work faster.

Sorry for late response, glad you liked it!

