Weekend and Holding - Unexpected Accident

Author: Dr.K

*000*2021-01-04 23:08

So this weekend I decided to do a hold, my goal to accidently wet myself. I've tried this a bunch of times but I always feel like in the end I just pee because I am sick of holding and not because I can't hold it anymore. Friday night was more of the same, lots of fluids, a desperate walk outside but no loss of control. Definitely still fun but not the accident experience I was hoping for. Fast forward to Saturday I wasn't planning on doing a hold and was just going about my day as normal. I biked on my trainer during the course of which I drank two 24oz water bottles. After the ride I had a glass of water trying to rehydrate.

Continuing about my day I took a shower changed into slim black khaki pants and white hip briefs. I drank a cup of espresso and then started a load of laundry in the basement of my apartment building. I went back upstairs and had a glass of apple cider with cranberry juice while I started making my dinner. While that was cooking I was feeling cold so I had a cup of tea. The laundry was switched over to the dryer for the hour cycle and I went back upstairs to watch a little tv. I wasn't feeling particularly desperate as in yes I had to pee but nothing compared to the night before. I continued about my evening really not paying much attention and I briefly thought about drinking more fluids and doing a hold but decided not to.

When my alarm went off for the dryer cycle I got up and definitely had to pee but again nothing serious. I went downstairs to the laundry room and started putting my clothes into my bag. I had a strong urge like a pulse to pee but it was something that I thought was just a momentary feeling that would pass. Ignoring it I continued to put my clothes in the bag but instead of passing the urge got stronger. I could feel the contents of my bladder all the way at the tip of my penis and I was dancing trying to hold it in. I felt a spasm in my bladder and a spurt leaked out maybe one seconds worth enough to get my underwear damp but not soaking. Normally after that I would be able to clamp down and hold it in but instead I held for a second more and then leaked full force for three seconds soaking my briefs.

I tried so hard to stop and hold but after a short pause and another spasm in my bladder I let out a steady stream for ten seconds. My briefs having already been drenched let the torrent loose into my black pants with pee streaming down the inside of both my legs and my pant legs. The wet patch on my pants was the size of a small plate on my crotch with a wet line across my butt below my back left pocket. The patch continued down both legs absolute soaked through the knees and thanks to long (and absorbent) socks only streaky from the knee down.

Finally back under control I could feel my face burning and I was so glad that nobody was in the laundry room with me. At this point my laundry was bagged and I had trek up the four flights of stairs to my apartment. Using my laundry bag slung across my back to cover my butt and the bag with my detergent to cover my front I 'stealthily' made my way upstairs. Thankfully nobody came out of their apartment or came in through the front door while I made my way on the stairs. I'm still a little in shock that I lost control like this. My guess is that I wore out my bladder on Friday night and when push came to shove on Saturday it wasn't having it. I should've but didn't take pictures of my pants but here are pictures of the wet briefs and the very obvious stain after they dried. Cheers

$$

$$

$$

*003*2021-01-05 23:26

{{17 hours ago, SilverSnake said:

That probably wasn't a fun experience at the time, but it sure was fun to read! Do you like diapers at all? Because it sounds like you did a number on your bladder strength! Thanks for sharing

}}

It was horrifying and simultaneously thrilling. As Spectator9 said the perceived risk without embarrassment made it that much better of an experience. I'm glad you enjoyed it. I do dabble in diapers and that night out of an abundance of caution I wore a pull up to bed just in case. Thankfully my bladder has recovered with no ill effects although I haven't put it to the test and especially so not in public....yet

