SATs Desp and Wetting

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2016-08-10 14:58

This was a few years ago now, but it is still sorta fresh in my mind. I thought that I would share it all with you.

I was in the middle of one of my SAT tests, the test was 2 hours long, with breaks every half an hour. Because I was kinda nervous, my mouth was getting really dry and the only drink I had with me was sparkling flavoured water. I drank like half the bottle before the exam even started, and when the first break came, I didn't get up to go because I didn't need to. However, into the second half of the first hour, the need to pee suddenly hit me like a freight train. 

I put my hand up, to ask if I could go to the toilet, but I was told that I should've gone in the last break and I would need to wait. So wait I did. I could hardly concentrate on what I was doing, because I was getting more and more desperate as the time went on. Finally, the half an hour passed, and there was another break. I hurried as fast as I could to the toilets, only to find that the ones I had gone to were locked! So I then had to walk all the way up one hall, cross to the other hall and go up there, to then go across the courtyard and go down another hall to get to the toilets that were open.

When I got in there, both cubicles were full and there was someone in front of me. Me being the proud girl I am, I didn't cross my legs or grip my crotch or anything, but I did squeeze my thighs together, especially when I felt the first dribble escape me. After what felt like hours, a cubicle opened up and the girl in front of me went into that one, and then the other toilet flushed and that cubicle opened up too. I hobbled into it, and started to try to get my trousers open. 

However, because my trousers were the type that had a belt-like attachment that clipped into place, a button and a zipper, I had a bit of trouble getting them open. It was especially hard, seeing as my bladder was so distended that it pushed against my waistband, preventing me from getting the clip undone. So what I did, was I tried to suck in my stomach, but that turned out to be a bad idea. As soon as I sucked in my stomach, a huge gush of pee escaped me and went down my leg. I stopped pulling my stomach in, but my trousers wouldn't come down without the clip being undone, so I had to suck my stomach in again.

This caused an even longer spurt to escape me, and then I needed to get the button undone, which caused yet another long spurt. Eventually, I got my trousers undone and managed to finish my pee in the toilet, but the teacher who hadn't let me go to the toilet when I had asked, got a right earful from me and was called an old hag/witch whatever.

*002*2016-08-10 17:51

{{2 hours ago, girliegirl765 said:

Good story. Thanks for sharing. :)

Though definitely sorry that it had to happen during your SATs. Those damn tests are important (and usually expensive), and having a full bladder probably didn't help.

}}

No it didn't. But I suppose the best thing was, that I got to go home after the accident. \o/

