Wetting in the Car

Author: Kpf687

*000*2016-06-12 17:59

I am really into the idea of public wetting, but I would never want to get caught. My wife also doesn't know that I enjoy wetting, so when she went on a girls' trip for the weekend, it was the perfect opportunity to have some fun without anyone noticing. I decided to wait until I was absolutely bursting, then I hopped into the car and drove out into the country where I had no chance of making it to a bathroom in time. It was incredibly exilarating for me, knowing that I was definitely going to wet myself and it was in public, even though no one else could tell. Still though, there were risks: I could get into a wreck, the car might break down, I could get pulled over. The risks actually motivated me to do it even more though.

When I felt like I was far enough away that I had sealed my fate, I started heading back towards my house. The greater the pressure on my bladder became, the hornier I became. About a quarter of the way back home I was so wet from pre-ejaculate that it felt like I had already wet myself a little. About half-way home, I couldn't stop fidgeting in my seat. Shortly after that, I had my first spurt. I was completely helpless at this point. I started second-guessing my decision to wet in the car. All the risks of being caught started going through my head, but it was too late. I was losing control.

I was able to cut off the flow a little after about 3-4 short spurts, and I could see a nice wet patch forming on my crotch. I could feel the warm piss slowly trickling down past my testicles. It was about 5 minutes later that I had to let out a long spurt. I kept trying to shut it off, but I couldn't stop. This one lasted about 5 seconds. Now my butt was starting to get wet. If I came into contact with anyone by this point, they would surely know what I had done. The thought of this turned me on so much, I didn't even wait for the next spurt. I pushed until a hot jet of piss started filling my pants. The warmth, the feeling of the hot piss pooling underneath me on the car seat, and the smell were so fantastic. It was a complete gusher.

After this, I had about a 20 minute drive home in my peed jeans. Every time I passed someone on the road, I grew hornier at the thought of them possibly seeing what I was hiding in my car. When I got home, I pulled into the garage where no one could see me, masturbated until I had one of the most explosive orgasms of my life, then started cleaning myself up.

