I think I broke my body with omorashi

Author: slothmallow

*000*2020-04-05 01:04

So, I think I broke my body with omorashi. I went too hard. I flew too close to the fetish sun. Alright, here’s the story: Right before the stay at home order went into effect here in Chicago my roommate moved out, leaving me alone in our two-bedroom apartment. My brain immediately went to: Oh, I have the apartment to myself! I can do all the holds I want! In the whole year that my roommate and I had lived together I’d only done one hold. I’m extremely shy and embarrassed about this fetish, and I would absolutely die if I were ever caught doing fetish stuff. So, now I have the apartment all to myself and I’m working from home due to the pandemic. All I could think about was all the fetish stuff I was going to do.

So, first there’s Sunday the 22nd. I. went. Hard. I started in the late morning and posted on FetLife that I was doing a hold. I messaged with other omorashi folk on Kik while I was doing it. I drank a cup of coffee, a cup of tea, a sparkling water, a tumbler full of ice water and two glasses of wine. I ended up beyond desperate, and it was fun. I was also attempting to do my laundry and cook while holding which resulted in some very entertaining potty dances in the middle of my kitchen. If I got too desperate I would go lay down on my bed and hold myself until things were back under control. This is when I realized that I truly have a bladder of steel. 

I’m not bragging, because this wasn’t necessarily to my advantage. I was trying to hold on until I inevitably wet. I began to realize, though, that wasn’t going to happen. Instead, as I continued to hold I just started to have awful pain. Okay, I realized, I’ve been holding it way too long, and I might be hurting my body. It’s time to stop. Unfortunately, I realized this right in the middle of a phone call. My best friend, who has no idea about this fetish, had called, and I was struggling to focus on what she was saying through the stabbing pain in my pelvis. “I’m going to put you down for just a minute! I really have to pee!” I told my best friend. I relieved myself in the toilet, and all seemed well.

Then, that thing that happens after a really intense hold happened. As a result of all the liquids I had consumed that day and the weakening of my bladder muscles, my bladder filled up again and in a couple of hours I was desperate again. I was sitting on my bed, and my hips were doing that thing where they just start bucking, because you have to pee so bad. I got up to go stir the chili I was making and couldn’t stand still. I wasn’t mad at it. The pain was gone, and it felt good. I knew, though, that it wouldn’t be good to push my body so hard again, so I hopped in the shower and wet my black leggings. For those of you who love these details: I was wearing black leggings, blue plaid girl boxers, green socks, and a blue graphic tee with the Loch Ness monster on it that says “The Important Thing Is That I Believe In Myself”. 

I know, it was a pretty cute outfit. I’m a 29-year-old black woman. I weigh about 170 pounds. I don’t have a big butt, but I have truly huge boobs (36M and they’re real). I have a broad nose, big forehead, full lips, big eyes. I have a short, natural, afro. Because I have an ironclad bladder, I really have to try to wet. It really has to be on purpose. Fun fact: this was my first ever wetting. Monday came and went, and I was a little sore but felt otherwise fine. I was a little shocked after my first ever wetting, though. It’s kind of scary wetting your pants, even if it’s your fetish, and you did it on purpose. I kept imagining how awful it would be if I ever wet my pants in public when it wasn’t on purpose. The idea that your body could betray you and do something you don’t want it to is terrifying.

Anyway, Tuesday came. I had met a girl (let’s call her “Jenny”) on Kik during my Sunday hold, and we had decided to have a holding contest on Tuesday. I was still kind of sore, but I didn’t want to skip the fun. We started in the evening after we’d both finished work, and I started off by chugging a mug of tea. I followed that up with a sparkling water (I really love sparkling water). Then I finished off with a glass of wine. I like variety in my hold beverages. I told myself that I had learned my lesson on Sunday and was not going to put my body in pain again. At the first sign of pain I was going to fold. I don’t remember what I was wearing on top, but I was wearing some navy blue jogger sweatpants on bottom and again girl boxers, because I always wear girl boxers.

This time I got desperate way faster. I was sitting at the bar in my kitchen working on balancing my budget, because why not be productive during a hold? While sitting on the barstool, my hips started bucking again, and I started to feel some dampness between my legs. Again, I laid down on my bed and thrust my hands in between my legs to get things back under control. Jenny and I traded off sending videos of ourselves squirming. We also did a few challenges, like standing perfectly still for 10 seconds. I was so turned on that I pulled out my vibrator and teased my clit. Masturbating with a desperately full bladder is one of the great pleasures of my life.

I didn’t know this, but Jenny told me that stimulating your clit actually makes it easier to hold. I thought it made it harder, but Jenny told me it’s the opposite, because stimulating your clit makes the muscles clench more. I think this was where I messed up. I didn’t mean to, but I made myself come. I realized Jenny was right when right after I came I realized I wasn’t as desperate anymore. My bladder was still just as full, I just couldn’t feel it, which is dangerous and means that I may have held too long again. I did eventually get desperate again, and at the first hint of pain I went in the toilet. Jenny won the contest.

Then came Thursday. I had been chatting with a guy for awhile on FetLife about omorashi and life and stuff. We’ll call him “Alec”. Alec and I had agreed to have a holding contest on Thursday. Mistake number one: instead of starting in the evening like I had with Jenny, I decided to try holding all day again, like I had on Sunday. I had my coffee in the morning when I was starting work. I didn’t chug it. I just drank like normally. I know I had a drink with lunch, but I don’t remember what it was. As I worked through the day, I almost forgot I was doing a hold. I didn’t have a strong urge to pee and whenever I did have an urge, I just ignored it. Around 5, I had a phone call with a coworker. During the phone call I noticed that I was having just the hint of pain. Mistake number two: I ignored that pain, because my bladder was nowhere near full.

After the phone call, Alec messaged me, and we officially started our hold. Mistake number three: Alec emptied his bladder so that we could start, but I decided to keep holding all the pee I’d been holding since 9:30 that morning, since it wasn’t much, and I didn’t have to pee that bad. More beverages were consumed, and I started to get desperate. I was still making some phone calls for work, and it was getting hard to concentrate. I was sitting on my bed, and I kept squirming. Finally came my last phone call. All of my other phone calls had been brief and easy. It was just my luck that the last client I called was in the mood to chat.

As I listened to him, my desperation seemed to peak, and I was on the phone dancing around my living room and holding myself waiting for him to stop talking. “Well, I better let you go,” I finally said, hoping that I wasn’t hurting his feelings. I was starting to feel that sharper pelvic pain again, and I knew it was time to stop holding. I ripped out my earphones, sprinted to the bathroom, hopped in the shower and wet my light blue jeans. On top I was wearing a red and white striped shirt. It was quite satisfying, and then I had a nice shower. I informed Alec that he had won the contest, which I figured would happen since I had been holding since that morning, and he had just started in the evening.

For the second time, my bladder filled up again quickly and I was desperate again in a couple of hours. Again, I decided to enjoy the feeling. This second time, there was a feeling of urgency that hadn’t been there earlier in the day. I challenged myself to go in the bathroom, brush my teeth, wash my face and not use the toilet while I was still holding. I was dancing and holding myself the whole time, but I did it. I did leak a little, and ended up changing my pajama pants but no accident. I wondered if I would eventually have an accident if I kept holding, so I decided to see how long I could hold. There was a little more leaking and another change of pants. There was a lot more dancing and squirming and bucking of hips, but my bladder didn’t let me down. Finally, I decided to just hop in the shower and wet again, this time naked. Gotta save on laundry. Feeling satisfied, I went to bed.

Now, when I woke up on Friday morning is when the trouble started. On Friday, I realized that I was quite sore. I had pelvic pain, and an upset stomach. I also noticed that I had more urges to pee and feelings of urgency during the day than normal. Uh-oh, I thought, this had never happened after a hold before. Usually, after a hold I would experience weakened bladder muscles for maybe a day and then things would go back to normal, no problem. I told myself that after a few days things would be fine, but I felt nervous. The increased urges to pee, soreness, pelvic pain and stomach ache persisted, but seemed to lessen as the days went on. By Thursday, it had been nearly a week and I thought that maybe things would be fine, and I could just chalk this up to a lesson learned.

Then I woke up Friday morning. It had been a week since my symptoms had first started, and even though the day before they had seemed to be fading, they suddenly got worse. I felt the pelvic pain more, and it became sharp sometimes. I went to pee, and my pee came out...wrong. It was flowing very slowly as if it were partially blocked by something. Oh no, I thought, what if this is an infection or a kidney stone? Could you give yourself an infection or a kidney stone from holding pee for too long? I Googled it and found out that indeed you could. Fuck.

I decided to wait and see if maybe the problem would clear up on it’s own. I read that kidney stones could sometimes just pass on their own. I ventured out to Walgreens and bought a heating pad and some Tylenol and kept hydrated.

Today, Saturday, I still have the pelvic pain and sometimes there’s also pain in my back. My stomach still hurts, and I started having diarrhea. Also, at moments I’ll feel kind of lightheaded and woozy, but I’m thinking that’s because I haven’t been eating as much due to the stomach upset. I don’t have a fever, so I’m hoping it’s not an infection. I’m still holding out hope that the problem can clear itself up, but just in case I sent my doctor a message describing what happened and my symptoms and asking for advice (leaving out the part that this all happened because of a fetish, of course). 

So, hopefully my doctor will get back to me in a few days, and we’ll see if I need antibiotics. For now, I’m just going to stay curled up with my heating pad and Tylenol, drinking plenty of water. I’m scared to eat anything but soup, because of the diarrhea. I ate my last soup, so I’m gonna have to venture out for more. I really don’t want to have to need any kind of medical treatment in the middle of a pandemic.

Anyway, that’s my story. The holds were definitely fun, but I don’t know if the fun was worth all this. Sigh, it’s an odd fetish that we have. Sometimes, I kind of hate having this fetish. My earliest memories of the fetish are from when I was seven-years-old, so I feel like I was literally born with it and can’t help it. They say that you shouldn’t be ashamed of your fetish as long as it’s not hurting yourself or anyone else, but I think I hurt myself. I know I’m definitely not the first person to accidentally hurt themselves for sexy/fetish reasons, but I still feel like an idiot. I’ll feel especially guilty and like an idiot if I have to take up medical attention that other people probably need in the middle of a pandemic because of something I did to myself. Also, it would suck if I ended up with some kind of huge medical bill because of this. I already might have to cover this whole month’s rent on my own, because I haven’t found a new roommate yet.

Oh well, you live, you do stupid shit, you learn. My holding career might be over after this. Like it or not, I’ll always have this fetish. I just might have to get off by reading other people’s stories rather than trying to make my own.

*003*2020-04-05 16:17

{{11 hours ago, ashishgamer said:

You shouldn't do all day holds so much. Holding for a few hours regularly is fine but if you hold it for whole day regularly it can seriously damage your kidneys. But don't worry, you're young and your kidneys will be able to repair themselves and if there's a stone it will pass. Just drink lots of water (not the sparkling one it's not good for your health) and cut back on coffee. Eat properly or consult your doctor on what you should and shouldn't eat. You'll be fine in probably a week if you take care of yourself. And once you're you can start indulging in the fetish again, just don't push yourself too hard.

}}

I've definitely learned my lesson about doing all day holds. Never again. I'm thinking now that the ideal time for a hold is maybe 4 hours tops?

{{2 hours ago, cloud said:

I'm sorry about the medical issues you're experiencing, and I hope you get better soon. One thought, if you decide to keep holding: fill up much more quickly on water. If you do it right (check out the rapid desperation method), you can go from empty to bursting in less than two hours while being very well hydrated, which should reduce the risk of kidney stones or UTI.

}}

I've heard about rapid desperation before. Yeah, I think it would be good to stay well-hydrated during the hold. I think that might be the key to avoiding an infection or a kidney stone. Once I recover, I might be interested in giving rapid desperation a try.

*010*2020-04-26 07:43

{{On 4/5/2020 at 12:16 PM, Nils JD said:

Hello.

I feel sorry for you and first of all I hope that you get well soon.

Since I prefer the sensation of wetting over holding, I've never wet without "controlling" it. Means, I usually hold until I feel like it's time to let it go - on purpose. If I hold for quite a long time I'll feel some pain in my stomach and around my kidneys which I really don't like. I thing that my bladder might be very strong, too (just untrained), which would make it difficult to have a genuine wetting accident with loss of control.

I'm afraid of hurting myself (I totally hate pain, haha. I'm not a masochist), so I prefer to wet before it gets really painful. I can imagine that it's a frustrating situation for you since you really like the holding part. Maybe you can switch to more wetting stuff, but I don't know what arouses you, so I can't really tell.

All in all I hope you'll be well soon and able to enjoy what you like without any harm.

Yours, Nils

}}

Yeah, I've definitely realized that I need to just do controlled wettings. Good news! I went to the doctor and found out that it was just a small kidney stone, and it passed on its own.

{{On 4/7/2020 at 3:06 AM, rachelkirwan said:

Did you get checked out, it could be a UTI hun...

}}

I went to the doctor. I was feeling so full of dread when I went. I really thought it was a UTI. However, after she tested my urine sample. she let me know that it was just a small kidney stone. It passed on its own a few days later. I was so relieved!

{{On 4/7/2020 at 4:38 PM, EldritchEsther said:

Hey. Didn’t even read. Will get to in a bit. May or may not update post after reading.

Anyways, if there’s any chance it’s a UTI, you should *really* get yourself checked out. A UTI might sound really minor, but any infection can turn dangerous if left alone long enough. Even just a UTI.

I don’t want to scare people. I’ve been trying specifically not to do that. But also, take your health seriously

Source: me almost dying from a UTI turned septic a few months ago.

}}

OMG, I'm so sorry you had that near death experience. That's so scary! Yeah, I knew that if it was a UTI I needed to take it seriously. I went to the doctor and had a urine sample tested. Luckily, it was just a small kidney stone that passed on its own.

{{On 4/12/2020 at 12:31 PM, soo-pis-sed said:

First of all, get better soon! And I'm sorry that you'll have to lose money because of this.

What I have to say is that you'll probably keep doing it when you get better... Once I had sore urethra and pelvic area pains in for 2-3 weeks, promised myself to quit holding, but in a few months I came back to it. If this happens, don't blame yourself, it's our sexuality and we can't fight it.

That time, I skipped morning pee and held through the whole day (while drinking a lot of water and tea at work) until home, about 18 hours. I believe that it happened because of stale night pee that definitely spent too much time inside me. Since that time I never hold morning pee, which also means no more 24 h holds attempts. This is a bummer, but now I don't experience health issues.

What I'm saying is, you've probably figured out which actions exactly caused the problem. If you avoid them in future, I believe you'll be okay. Still, if you're sure you can quit, I wish you all the luck with that!

}}

Yes, all day holds are definitely over for me. I feel super lucky, because when I went to the doctor all I had to do was pay my co-pay, which was only $10. I feel so lucky and grateful to have health insurance.

*011*2020-04-26 07:51

Update: All's well that ends well!

I went to the doctor, and she took a urine sample and let me know that I didn't have a UTI. It was just a small kidney stone that passed on its own a few days later. I was so relieved! And, I only had to pay a $10 co-pay when I went to see the doctor. Phew! Maybe a bigger bill is coming in the mail, but I'll cross that bridge when I come to it.

Anyway, lesson learned. No more all day holds! No more holding to the point of pain. No more multiple holds in one week. I actually haven't held since all of this happened. I'm sure that I will again one day, but I'm just feeling super cautious now.

Anyway, thank you all so much for the kind words and well wishes! It really means a lot!

*014*2020-05-06 11:17

{{On 4/26/2020 at 4:50 PM, Adrian6970wc said:

Thanks for sharing. I'm glad to hear that you're better and no permanent harm was done. Holding like all things is a pleasure to enjoy in moderation. I did find your post hard to read though as it was typed in red. I had to copy and paste it to a Word document and thedn apply black in order to be able to see it, so it may be a colour to avoid when posting.

}}

Oh, thanks so much for letting me know. I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to post it in such a difficult to read color. I'll keep that in mind the next time I post.

{{On 4/26/2020 at 3:05 AM, Nils JD said:

This sounds good, very good!

I'm really relieved that you are okay and don't suffer any permanent damage.

Maybe you can find pleasure wetting with an only 3/4 full bladder (like I do quite often).

And regarding the bills - do you need some financial help? If so, feel free to message me.

Yours, Nils

}}

Right now, I'm feeling very fortunate, and I'm doing okay financially, but thank you so much for offering.

