I have been having an excellent time

Author: RosieDiscomfrt

*000*2019-11-20 04:41

One of the ways my boyfriend and connect is through our shared love of omo, which is so crazy and new to me; someone else is into something I thought I'd be hiding shamefully until I got over it (lol) and encourages me to be more adventurous. That being said, I have been 100x more active in holding, wetting, and have been loving it.

Firstly, after watching a few wetting videos together and getting him to finally open up about his fantasies and me opening up about what I wanted to try, we went and picked up some diapers and under pads, but not the kind I had experimented with before, the kind that aren't just for the average leaks, so that I could wet anywhere with less anxiety, including the bed.

I started immediately because I had just gotten out of work and already had to go, and after a few beers, I was able to relax enough to leak. I wanted to weaken my bladder as much as possible so I could have more fun losing control later, so I allowed myself to pee, but I kept it right at the edge. I would let just a dribble out and cut off the flow immediately, and relished the warm liquid touching my pussy lips before being wicked away.

Sometimes I'd let out a longer leak, and feel it spread out to my ass and soak around my pussy, the diaper getting bigger and soggier as I went, pressing tighter on me since I was wearing jeans over it, specifically to hold it tight on my crotch so I could feel it better. I didn't continue for very long because I was so tired, but my plan worked in that here and there I leaked on accident, and it took a good 30+ seconds to fully stop the dribbles and leaks, sometimes just changing position in bed would cause a spurt, and then a leakier spurt, and I did my best to keep it to a slow stream, because I kept losing control.

Sometimes I lost control and got surprised by a gush, and the streaming piss was unstoppable, I could hear it hitting my diaper as I fought for control but my stream was more intense, as my bladder fought back and it would squirt and spurt as I tried to keep the gushy stream from overwhelming my full diaper. I could feel it everywhere, it was leaking down my ass and soaking up my back, my pussy was being bathed in my piss as it soaked up higher in front and snuck down my thighs. I kept rolling over and turning on my side to enjoy the sensation but I finally gave in to exhaustion and just laid back and let it out. The sound was amazing, it was so warm and I laud there for quite a while till I was empty. The feeling of freely emptying my bladder in my own bed was incredible, the amount of pee that flowed our when I gave in was heavenly. I almost fell asleep in it from how comfortable it was.

I had more fun than that over the past Week, that was just my first time letting it all out in bed. I changed regularly to control the mess so it wasn't too bad. But i wanted to do more of it. So much more.

So that was how I escalated my piss escapades, please let me know what you thought, and if you guys are interested I can tell you about more of what I've been up to. I plan to continue, so any tips or suggestions are welcome too!!

