Desperate at the dentist

Author: Brighstar87

*000*2016-03-02 14:18

So the last two nights after work on the 2hr drive home i have been playing a game where everytime i see a yellow vehicle i drink a swig of water. Both nights it led to a very full bladder before arriving.

First night i was able to hold it and do some challenges eventually leading to a wetting...

The second night i didn't get a chance to do that because even though i wasn't as full my desperation was much stronger, i started leaking as soon as i got in the house, and could not stop it from happening. I think the first night's hold weakened some of my sphincters.

So today i have a dentist appointment, i get to town early to make sure i wont be late, got some lunch and then swilled my mouth out thoroughly.

Drank quite a bit with lunch and then arrived at the surgery early. My bladder had started filling up but i was nowhere near bursting.

After being called in to have my exam and clean my need to go grew while i sat in the chair. Knowing i could hold it i didn't worry.

When the examination was finished i went through to reception to book my next checkup. As i turned in i realised that the same thing was happening as last night. My tired bladder had decided it was time. I was going to have trouble here.

They have a toilet but i've never used it, and i didn't intend to today.

I shakily spoke with the cute receptionist while she offered times and dates, i just wanted to hurry things up before... I started to leak.

The first few drops made their way out one by one. I knew it was not visible but there would be more to come and anything i did to try and stop it would be very embarassing so i quickly made my next appointment and started to leave.

As i stepped away an audible gush came out, very strong at least two seconds. i paused for a second, made eye contact with a few of the curious faces in the quiet waiting room and then stepped onwards, with every stride my bladder was giving up. The front of my legs were soaked and getting worse, my face burned from the blush of embarassment.

When i got outside i ran towards my car and the jarring caused me to completely void my fluids. I was dripping everywhere.

As soon as i sat in my car the excitement of everything caused my cock to throb stiff in my jeans. I couldn't wait to get home.

When i got back more of the drink had caught up with me so i stood on a towel and let go, when i was warm again i finished myself off, i came hard in like 30 pumps and sprayed my juice allover the floor in front of me!

Today was a good day

