I just made a pretty great piss outside...

Author: ImogeneGreene

*000*2018-01-26 20:00

Sometimes i like to go outside to smoke. Generally i do this on the steps of an overflow parking across the way near my apartment complex; i dont like the idea of smoking near any little ones who might be nearby. Sometimes at night this becomes my safe zone; I’ll even touch myself to a good wetting video i find online. ?

But it’s embarrassing to indulge my omorashi fetish anywhere that someone might pass by. Sometimes dog walkers pass that way, even at night, with flashlights, and I’m afraid they’ll notice a puddle so i don’t… Make one.

But i recently just found a completely private hideaway between some distant bushes and a hill and a wooden fence that is guaranteed to be unexplored by people walking their dogs. I have a certain technique of wearing very loose shorts and ensuring the stream runs down my leg so it doesn’t show on my shorts. It didn’t take long to connect these two concepts.

To make a long story short i drank 3 beers, came out to smoke, went to my secret place and told myself i couldn’t let go until i finished the 4th beer. I was watching some great videos on here and though i normally have great control i was holding back spurts near the end.. It was a signal it was time to stand up, slide out of my right shoe, and lean to the right while pulling my shorts left…

I let a few trickles stream down my right leg as i clenched for all i was worth. These would be the streams that would establish the capillary action that would pull my piss stream down my leg when i couldn’t hold on anymore. Little gushes kept pushing out and i couldn’t hold on for long. In the video i was watching, she was just about to lose control- i could tell by the way her bouncing and moaning stopped and she was gripped stockstill from the screaming in her exhausted, failing urethra- and my bladder muscles clenched whether i agreed with this or not.

The stream was drawn down my right leg, warm and comforting like music you haven’t heard since wintertime. I tried to stem the flow so it wouldn’t burst from the established path into my shorts, and for a time it obeyed, even as i shuddered and gasped.

But i felt a few trickles hit my left leg and i looked down in panic, sure that my crotch was soaked and it’d run from my right shorts leg to the left, marking me as the gross person in the neighborhood who couldn’t wait to piss they he got in their own bathroom. Not so; it’d continued down my right leg and bounced a bit to the left as it hit my calf. All this thought process gives you an idea how long i was pissing.

I continued gazing down in utter amazement as the stream slowly seperated from my leg and started to drop directly to the ground, not even touching my shorts. i realized i had, for once, the conditions for a non consequential wetting, and finally relaxed fully. Happy gushes hit the ground and my only surprise was how long it kept going. After the screaming of my bladder subsided i kept pushing out more waves, expecting two or three- not seven- certainly not TEN!

It felt so good to empty my bladder fully, somewhere not defined as “the proper and clinical place to put your urine” i.e. the toilet. Pissing is a necessary bodily function and I’m tired of society telling me when and where i can do it. Some day they’ll be selling us tickets to places we’re allowed to take full breaths of air.

But until i know it’s not an act of public indecency I’ll be looking for places in nature where i can do the things my body wants to do because frankly i find porcelain culture offputting and i like my bodily autonomy.

Enjoy your bladder! ?

