Taking full advantage of my last business trip

Author: tanin

*000*2022-07-28 19:52

So, a couple of weeks ago I had a planned short business trip to another country. 2 intensive days, 2 nights there. Just me and myself during evening hours. Here I must mention one thing - due to current situation, business etc. I was unable to perform Omo activities for many months. I was an active reader, but my own activities were at zero level. When I had the trip scheduled I thought that it would be a perfect idea to finally finish this bad situation and use the single room properly.

That's why I packed my dedicated messing underwear - white Aussiebum seamless trunks / tight short boxers. I don't wear them on daily basis, but I got them as a freebie some time ago and as they're not my type for normal use I kept them for my Omo activities, having in mind that I'll threw them away without any regrets when they will be too heavily stained. I also considered packing my dedicated black chino pants, but I found them too difficult to wash in the sink only with shower gel and put them somewhere to dry during the day. So, sadly I had to leave them at home, making my experience much more basic. But still basic experience is much more that nothing.

My plan was focused on messing myself as my primary goal, but also to wet myself. So, I pooped normally in the morning, I also peed normally during the day, but also ate quite a lot during the day (some meeting / conference food plus a dinner) and also enjoyed a few local beers, to make sure that my bladder will be full. This scheme worked perfectly fine - since about 6 p.m. I was really desperate to poop, but I did my best to hold it till about 10 p.m. At some moment it became even quite uncomfortable, and my bladder was also pretty full at this moment. I decided against any laxatives, because my goal was let's say 'everyday messing' and also I wanted to minimize the cleaning. Loose poop can be always quite risky here.

When I found the moment to be right, I changed into my dedicated underwear and went to the bathroom stepped into the very big shower cabin and gave a push. Having very full bladder and bowels I expected to wet myself and after a strong, but short push to fill my underwear. But it went all different. After a very short push I completely filled my boxers with a very big poop. Rather a solid one. The bulge was very big, but firm, so it even didn't stain through the microfiber fabric of my boxers. I also felt that I'm not finished, so I had to gave another push, this time stronger to release the rest of my poop.

What surprised my a lot, is the fact that after that the front of my boxers was completely dry. Full bladder, strong pushing ad not even a single drop. Very surprising, but also something that I always wanted to train, just to avoid unwanted wetting while messing myself and want to / have to stop only with this. So, I had to do another push, this time at my front, and finally I was able to completely wet myself. Some disadvantage of the microfiber boxers is that they didn't soak almost at all, so the wetness is very small.

I decided to walk a little bit around my bathroom. The bulge was huge. I felt somehow bad with not having my chino pants on, I was very curious how the bulge will spread while wearing pants. It was so big, that walking was very difficult and I was unable to keep my legs together. After a few minutes I decided to sit down, just to bring back this experience. I put few layers of toilet paper on the toilet (I'm strongly against making any damage, so I try to be as hygiene as possible) and sat down. The bulge spreaded a little bit, but nothing more. This was somehow disappointing, but still I was very happy with my experience. After just a few minutes I dropped my huge load into the toilet, went to shower myself and do the laundry.

The next evening I went totally the same way, not wasting time and opportunity. The whole experience was exactly the same.

What a refreshing experience it was! I really forgot how good is to relieve yourself in your pants. I really regret that I was unable to have my pants on, but the logistics will be much more complicated. I can't wait for the next trip, however I'm afraid that it will take another a couple of months to have the next opportunity.

