Chronicling my Desperation and Wetting experiences

Author: Satoshialvaro

*000*2019-05-11 07:09

Hey there, whoever may be reading! 24 year old male poster here.

This is probably going to be a pretty long series of posts that I will update every so often. I'm going to do my best to recount every memorable/important moment from my life involving me or others wetting themselves out of desperation, or at least coming close! I'll try to start from the earliest memories, but events frequently escape me and come back, so I'll be sure to just mark off how old I was for each story! And with that I guess I'll just start with my earliest memory after being considered "fully" potty trained.

The Carnival

I was 6 years old, and it was the first day I had ever worn a real belt that I was expected to buckle myself. I could get it on just fine, but I always had trouble getting it off. I remember my mom getting a little annoyed that I kept asking how to do it over and over, so I just kind of stopped asking even though I still didn't get it. (big mistake.) The carnival was in town that day, and my cousin and I (she was about 12 or 13 at the time) had been asking to go for a while. My parents agreed to take us on the condition that we would have to stick together while my parents went shopping just a block over. My cousin was usually more argumentative with that kind of stuff, but we'd been hearing so much about this that she didn't mind taking me along to whatever she did. The carnival barely had "you must be this tall" signs after all.

As soon as we get to the carnival, it hits me. I have to pee. I don't have to pee very badly, but I definitely have to pee and would have gone straight to the bathroom if I were at home. I knew my cousin would be mad scold me for not going before I left and making her stand in line with me, so I didn't say anything again. (This is something I learned not to do after today!) Luckily the excitement of the carnival made the urge go away for a little while. after about 30 minutes we were in line for the tilt-a-whirl ride, and she must have seen my fidgeting. As soon as she said, "What's wrong?" while looking at my dancing feet, i realized that I was fighting the urge again, and had to come clean. I told her I had to go pee, and said something along the lines of, "can we go and come back?"

My cousin was annoyed as we were in the middle of the line and had been waiting for a while. She told me no and that I'd have to wait until the ride was over. My heart sank a little when she told me that, as all the juice I drank earlier was coming back to bite me. I told her I didn't want to go on the ride then, and she made me wait while she went on it and I watched from the side. The little terminal the ride operator used had a 6 minute timer on it that I could see from where I stood, and it felt like the longest six minutes of my little life. I was grabbing my crotch and the urge started to hurt down there a little. I saw some people were seeing how bad I had to go, and got very embarrassed as well.

The urge passed again about 3 minutes in, and I could stand normally as the ride started to slow down. But by the time the guard rails in each tilt a whirl cup got raised and the operator let my cousin get out, I was entirely desperate. I was jumping up and down holding myself, and I saw some kids my age giggling at me. I was totally embarrassed but not ready to give up yet. I begged my cousin to take my to the bathrooms and she said yes. We made our way over to a long row of port-a-potties with seemingly no line for any of them! I was golden, I thought. But as I came up to one, I saw it was occupied. I checked each one, not realizing that the ones closest to the makeshift entrance would be the ones most likely taken. Finally i got to the middle where one was open and I quickly locked myself in.

The plastic urinal attachment on the wall that fed into the port-a-pottys container was just my height, and it made me even more desperate! I just had to get my belt off and I'd be in the clear. But it was too tough. I tried to push the taut leather through the the little buckle to get it open, but it was so tight that my little hands were too weak to push it open without making it tighter on myself! I tried to just undo my fly and pull myself out without the belt, but the zipper would not separate far enough after I unzipped it. 

By then the anticipation had gotten the better of me and the urge to pee took over my hands and my bladder. While desperately trying to get my belt off my bladder just fully released. I tried to stop the flow multiple times but I had never been so desperate to pee before! So I was never even able to make the stream break. I left a big puddle in that porta potty and ran out to my cousin. Needless to say we had to go right home. My parent's weren't happy, but at least they didn't make me wear belts anymore until I was older!

Wine Cellar

This story was actually pretty funny, even right after it happened. Although it was a bit scary at the time. I was 12 at the time, and this time I was actually babysitting my younger boy cousin who was about 9 I think. My uncle had just got his new wine cellar built in the basement, but it still needed a couple things, including an inside handle on the door. He kept some sodas for us down there as well since it could hold a lot of cans.

That summer, I usually got to my cousin's house before he woke up and before my aunt went to work. After he woke up we had been playing video games pretty much all day save for an hour and a half at the park earlier. Something I always thought was funny was that he would sometimes forget he wasn't home alone, and I could hear his morning pee loud and clear cause he went with the door open. I never told him, nor teased him about it. But what I didn't realize that day, was that was the only time he'd peed all day. I made us some lunch while my cousin played Sonic Riders on xbox (a game he wanted specifically just to imitate me, hehe) and once we were done he said he wanted soda. 

I said ok, but I really wanted to go down and see the cellar. We went downstairs and he showed me the inside, and I immediately went to the short but wide fridge to grab the sodas. My cousin was showing me the wine rack my uncle had built, and even though I didn't care at all about wine, I thought it was cool that he could build something that intricate. I turn around to leave and realize the worst had happened. My dumb little cousin had let the door fully close behind us. I had totally forgot there was no doorknob on this side, so we were totally stuck. it was 2pm, and my aunt wouldn't be back until 6pm. And even then, she may not have been able to hear us calling out from the basement! I was worried she'd freak out and call the police before even checking the wine cellar.

I checked my cell phone, but the service was completely dead as the wine cellar was another layer of stone inside an already stone basement. I saw my cousin doing a little bit of a peepee dance, even at 9. I had an idea of what was wrong, but I still asked. Before I could even finish my question, he moved a second hand to his crotch and said, "And now I have to peeeeee!" I scratched my head and told him to just hold it a bit longer, and that I'd figure something out. We had no butter knife or any thin piece to shimmy the door open with. We could not fit fingers in there to brute force it at all. Nothing in the cellar would help us get out. But then I remembered I had the house phone!

Yes, in the late 2000s people still had house phones, who knew! I carried my cousin's house phone around just in case I could take a message for them, so I pulled it out of my pocket and my cousin told me his neighbor's number. Line was dead. Even the housephone was having trouble connecting, though I did hear it ring a few times. I decided to just keep trying both phones alternately every few minutes. I soon gave up on my cellphone though.

My cousin was getting desperate. I could see it in his face as he tried not to grimace too hard. But he also was leaning forward, holding his crotch tight. During my 4th call, i heard him mutter to himself, "ohh my god I gotta pee so bad..." Hearing this honestly made me need to pee too. It had been almost an hour in this cellar and I'd had a lot to drink with lunch. If we had to wait this full 4 hours, my cousin wouldn't make it and I didn't know if I would either. I called one more time as I saw the little service bars go up and it finally connected! I explained the situation to my cousin's neighbor and he came right over. It was actually one of his little friends who had the day off too, so he ran right over.

But once I hung up and told him his friend was coming, my cousin got more desperate. He seemed relieved to know someone was coming to let us get out and pee, but his dancing got even worse. "Hurry up jeffrey hurry up!" he said out loud as we waited. I was getting desperate too, and seeing him dance around and emphasize his need made mine even worse. But eventually, my cousin's head dropped. He leaned forward with a tiny whimper and held his crotch as tightly as he could, but his shorts still became progressively wetter. 

I couldn't tell if those shorts were actually getting darker until i heard his pee dribble onto the floor under him. He started crying a little as it ran down his legs, and I just felt bad we even made this mistake. Unfortunately, hearing his leaking was torture to me, and I was getting scared that I was going to piss myself in front of my younger cousin who I hated getting compared to at the time. I grabbed my crotch tight and ran right past my cousin's friend when he finally came in the house, went downstairs, and opened the door. I ran up the stairs to the first floor bathroom and took one of the longest pees of my life. Once I was done I had to go back and help my cousin get cleaned up. Luckily his friend wasn't a twit about it and told him he wouldn't tell anyone he peed his pants. That let my cousin get over it much quicker.

