A game of league of legends

Author: Tormenta

*000*2018-01-22 22:13

Hello, good evening (here where I live is at night) today I come to bring you something that happened to me a long time ago.

I've been playing games online for a while and a while ago in the game league of legends I came across a guy who had been playing for about ten hours. I used to play with that boy every day, it did not matter, he was very competitive and once he started playing, he did not move from his chair to practically nothing. I do not have a peephole on my pc but the reason why I put skype so that it was guiding me in the game, the case is that I heard it a bit strange, it seemed nervous but associated it with some losing streak. The game is known to have very long games, 30 to 60 minutes per game and that began to become unusually long we were going for 43 minutes, I think it was getting boring, when I began to hear him moan and move in his chair.

I asked him about the game chat and he said that maybe he needed to go to the bathroom, but even so he was thinking about staying until the end of the game (I was surprised how determined he was because to play he needed both hands and seemed to be moving a lot). About ten minutes Afterwards it had become very obvious that he was having a lot of "bad" sounds of effort to retain to the point of growling. I was really getting very horny and wished that the game would not end until he exceeded his ability to endure. I heard vaguely a "fuck" with a high level of despair but unfortunately soon after the game started to run.

It was a small disappointment for me but since then I have been hoping that it will happen again XD hope never gets lost

*004*2018-01-23 10:12

I have also searched but nothingI've also searched to see if I found something but nothing. It is seen that those who play lol or have iron bladders or disguise it very well xD I would not mind playing with an ally in desperation in my team.

*007*2018-01-24 08:41

{{5 hours ago, Alamir said:

When I'm alone, I play with same towel wrapped my C.. ...

}}

Oh, that sounds interesting. With full bladder, towel for leaks and busy hands.

*009*2018-01-24 21:52

{{2 hours ago, Alamir said:

It's a torture can't grab my ... All can I do it's cross my legs and squirm >.<

}}

That's what I'm saying, if one day you want to play with your bladder full, I'm always willing

*013*2018-01-25 11:09

{{11 hours ago, Alamir said:

Just send me your Nick :)

}}

I doubt that we are from the same region XD I am from Eu west

*014*2018-01-25 11:17

{{6 minutes ago, Riptide101 said:

A whole new meaning to getting gold..

On a side note, screw placements this year, why do I keep seeing teemo jg lmao.

}}

Teemo is evil, I usually main xayah and rakan and in front of teemo I have nothing to do

