Isabel's Desperation

Author: verint

*000*2012-01-22 00:33

Hi, I thought that, as I am new here, to chip in my two cents worth, I would tell everyone about the time a Spanish friend of mine got very desperate to pee and nearly didn't make it.

Her name was Isabel and she was 22 at the time. She was a student over in the UK studying English. We were at this party where the toilet was out of order and so we all had to wait until we went some place else. Isabel had a few beers and chatted with everyone else. It was only when we were getting ready to leave that I noticed that she was showing signs of being desperate. To make things worse for the poor girl, she was forced to wait for everyone else outside whilst they all got ready. This took quite some time and to give it a bit of a time frame, she had been drinking for a good two hours and had to wait outside for at least 20 minutes. She had been showing signs of desperation for about 30 minutes and it was only when I, (a male) said that I was going to pee in some nearby bushes that she got really agitated.

When I got back she was squirming a little. Her legs kept crossing and re-crossing and she had given up trying to hide it, saying quite clearly that she was desperate.

Still though, we had to wait. She asked if the others could not just catch up but was instructed that we should probably wait. She was sitting on a small wall and was jiggling her legs up and down. Wearing tight jeans as she was, it must have been difficult to hold it as they were no doubt pressing against her swollen bladder. By that stage, here bladder was most definitely VERY full. I would have liked to have felt her belly as a hot girl with a 'full bladder bulge' is really hot. Do you not agree?

Anyway, eventually, everyone was ready to leave and go to a nearby bar where there were toilets,not only to continue the party, but to allow those that needed to, least of all poor Isabel, the chance to empty their bladders. I really thought now that Isabel was seriously regretting having the beers that she did. If she was anything like me, alcohol would have gone right through her. Evidently it had done.

We had not walked far before she complained that she was now really desperate. She had changed from joking about her desperation to being rather quiet. I thought that it was time to be really mean at this point and quickly poked her belly. She squirmed away and moaned that I should not do that or she may have an accident. I did it a few more times a little more gently and she eventually told me to stop as politely as she could manage, which was a stern look and a prolonged 'stopppppp'.

We continued on and I began to chat to some of the others in the group. They had all by now noticed Isabel's situation and some of the more cruel members of the group were making hissing sounds to really annoy her. She ignored everyone until her desperation reached the stage of near begging.

We were near to our destination when she turned to me and said in a strained, sexy Spanish accent, 'please, I need to use the bathroom'. I couldn't be cruel to her any more as she was a friend and by now in a bit of distress, so I consoled her by saying 'don't worry, were nearly there now'.

This it seemed was enough to make her last until we were outside a bar that had toilets everyone could use. It seemed though that there was some indecision amongst the group and to Isabel's horror, we waited outside for a while until the girl whose party it was caught up. When she arrived, she suggested another bar and at that point Isabel, standing next to me lifting her legs up and down slowly in an attempt to hold in all her pent up pee turned to her and said, 'but please, I really need to go to the bathroom'.

The girl looked at Isabel as if assesing her desperation before saying sympathetically, obviously seeing the state of Isabel's distress, 'oh, ok, then we can go in here'.

Isabel then looked at me with a strained expression as if to say, 'I really have to go, I'll see you inside', and made her way in. I waited with the rest of the group though could clearly see through the floor to ceiling windows that this particular bar had that Isabel's distress was not over. The bar was very busy, and I watched as she struggled to make her way thorugh the crowds that were blocking the way to the bathrooms. She managed after some effort and a few nightmarishly agonising enforced stoppages (waiting for people to get out of her way) to get through the crowds and head of for the bathroom.

That was unfortunately as much as I was able to witness first hand. Oh how I would have loved to be able to be a 'fly on the wall' in the stall that she used as she rushed in, whipped down those tight jeans and hurriedly sat down on the toilet, perhaps letting out a spurt before she could fully sit and release what must have been a forceful torrent of pee in to the bowl.

Afterwards, when I was in the bar and waiting for her to come back out, I asked her 'feeling better', to which all she did was look at me, smile shyly and let out a prolonged 'ahhhhhhh'.

I really liked seeing this. It was one of the best first hand desperation sightings that I have had personally and was a massive turn on. I was in to female desperation before that, but this really persuaded me that it is a seriously hot fetish!

###

I wanted to put a picture to go with this post of Isabel herself, but cannot use facebook 'extensions' apparently, so am unable to do so and cannot upload to the galleries yet, so you guys will have to wait for a pic for now, but, take it from me, this girl is seriously hot! (Note that unfortunately the pic will not be of the actual desperation as I was unable to get any of that, but will show how hot this girl really is).

###

All the best fellow desperation lovers, I hope that you enjoyed this true story.

