The first time I was going to see her wet herself, intentionally

Author: DrenchedFabric

*000*2018-07-25 10:08

Hi you all, my name is Josh, this is my first story, most of my stories will be about my ex who I will call Amely.

Disclaimer: English is not my native language, and before you think that I've not been very sweet or thoughtful to this girl, of course there is a lot of personal stuff i kept out. When someone tells you a secret like this, you should thread them with respect.

Prologue:

About 7 years ago I met this girl during a summer job, we fell in love quiet instantly. At this time I did not know this girl would change my life forever. And she did not know i would change hers. After dating her for a few months we had "the talk" so to say, and she asked me what I was into sexually. I had only told 1 person about my wetting fantasies, so I was still a bit shy on sharing every detail about me being into OMO. I did tho eventually told her about this, and her reaction was something I did not expect. She was surprised to hear this, she had never heard someone who got sexually aroused by seeing women (or men for that matter) wet them self. But she did seem to understand a lot of aspects from these fantasies, and as the very open minded person she was, she got onto it very quickly. She would start to tell pleasing stories about her having accidents when she was younger.

A few weeks went by and she'd come over to sleep more often. Until one evening we were talking in bed when she said she had to confesses something too. "The nights I was spending here, did you notice I would take some pills before we went to sleep?", I can be a little bit of a duffus sometimes, so i hadn't. "So yea," she continued "these pills keep me from wetting the bed at night", "And sometimes when I'm really tense I have to take them during the day as well", she said...

Alright, so I needed a few minutes to let this one sink in. As you all can imagene I felt like I hit the jackpot.

The first time I was going to see her wet herself

It was a month ago she had told me about her "problem", nothing exciting had happened. We were still figuring out how to balance this thing which was of course incredibly embarrassing for her and all WAAAY too exciting for me. Until one evening we arrived at the train station closed to my hometown. From there it is still a 5 minute train ride into my hometown and after that a 30 minute walk to my place. The train wasn't leaving for another 20 minutes, so we went to Starbucks. 

I just got bottle of water, but she decided to get a venti sized coffee, on our way to the platform she could not stop talking about how much she love these coffee's and how she would always get them when she was traveling. It was dark out and I guess it was about 9 in the evening. Eventually I was wondering so i asked her: "Amely, why did you decide to get a huge coffee, when you know we still have another 45 minutes before we get home?", trying not to be too obvious about her small bladder in a public setting. She did not say anything, she just looked at me and kept sucking her straw with a mischievous smile...

Have you ever had that feeling you are about to have an orgasm out of sheer excitement. I have no idea what this looks like but she knew exactly what was going on and she laughed, continuing to deliberately fill up her bladder.

On our way home, I got more and more excited with idea what was about to happen. I mean this is awesome, it is what I had always dreamed of right. Walking home she was just telling me how badly she had to go and was toughing her crotch, this of course made me even more excited. Unluckily this excitement also caught on to her, and as most of you know, wetting intentionally for the first time isn't easy, especially when someone's around. Her small bladder and the big coffee were not enough to cause her to have an accident by the time we arrived at my place. The moment we arrived at my room she just apologized and said she'd love to do this for me, but she couldn't. I think her previous embarrassing experiences had worked as a shield to just keep everything inside. So I told her, "It's fine, maybe this is all a bit much for me too, I think If you were to wet yourself right now, i'm going to explode". So I told she could go to the toilet which was right next to my room.

While she was going to the toilet, I was looking to put on some music to chill out, and just thinking to myself how this would have been just too good to be true. When I heard soft voice whispering my name from the hallway: "Josh?!". I turned down the music and the voice repeated a little louder: "Josh??, could you come in here?" I opened the door and there she stood: one hand holding her crotch, the other one covering her face in shame, pee dribbling down her green tight pants, all in a growing puddle on the hallway floor.

