First planned accidents (and nearly caught)

Author: Absol

*000*2016-09-27 09:02

A few weeks ago, I succumbed to a major omorashi binge and had my first two planned accidents ever as an adult. Despite the fact that I've enjoyed omorashi ever since I was younger, I never engaged in any omo activities until now. Since I enjoy holding and wetting but not pain, I used the rapid desperation method both times in order to cause a loss of control.

In the first instance, I was lurking on this site and began to feel a really overwhelming desire to engage in omorashi. Normally, I have plenty of distractions so that I never do omorashi play myself, but some recent life events have been interfering with these distractions. Since I'm currently living with non-nosy housemates and not my parents, I decided that I might as well indulge. For this first instance, I decided that I would pee onto some towels that I already needed to wash the very next morning. I drank a glass of water on the hour for only two hours before switching to drinking a glass every fifteen minutes. 

At the end of the third hour, I drank a final glass (technically for the beginning of the fourth hour) and then peed for the last time before beginning the hold. After 45 minutes, my desperation was climbing rapidly so I folded the towels and placed them around my crotch held in place by my pajamas. Only a few minutes later, my desperation already began to reach my limits. Normally, I do not feel the urge to pee very strongly and am usually able to hold a large volume of pee with relatively little discomfort at all, so I was extremely surprised at the onset of desperation using the rapid technique.

At around the 50 minute mark, I spurted. I still can't tell exactly if it was voluntary or not. Since I was planning to wet, I didn't put massive efforts into holding back. After that first spurt, I felt much more comfortable for a while - the "waves" of desperation I've seen described in other experiences. However, this comfort was short lived and I soon spurted again. Although I stopped after this second spurt, it was getting late and I had had enough fun for my first ever experience. I pushed out the rest of the pee and took out the towels. Unfortunately, they had soaked through and wet my pajamas. I dumped everything into my laundry hamper, slept in the nude (also for the first time ever), and did laundry first thing the next morning.

After this first experience, I was feeling quite a bit more productive for a while, but I still hadn't quite satisfied my omorashi craving. A few days later, after much hesitation and almost chickening out, I went out and bought pull-up style diapers at the local supermarket. My original plan for them was to simply repeat my first experience again but using "real protection" instead of towels. I went through the exact same rapid desperation preparation as my first experience. This time however, my desperation felt like it was coming on much more quickly. What I later realized (but didn't at the time) was that I was looking forward to doing this hold and had overall been keeping more hydrated than usual (I tend to unhealthily trend towards under-hydrating myself). This would have some quite interesting consequences later in the night.

This second time around, I'm pretty sure I let out the first spurt before even hitting the 45 minute mark. I was quite shocked and became much more determined to hold on. However, my body apparently decided "nope." Just around the hour mark, I had a large spurt that lasted several seconds. I had semi-consciously decided that I would probably allow a small spurt during the second wave, but apparently my bladder wanted more. At this point, I was once again feeling that I had had sufficient fun for the night, so I then forced all the pee out. The diaper leaked halfway through this wetting, but I was ready and cleaned up with some paper towels.

I put on a second diaper and tried to go to sleep. The intention was that I would wake up early in the morning squirming and then go in the diaper (I never wet the bed and wasn't afraid that I would. In the first instance, I did indeed wake up bursting and just went in the toilet like normal.). However, about an hour later and before I was anywhere close to falling asleep, my bladder filled again and prevented me from sleeping. I begrudgingly decided that I would wet the diaper then and put on another one. However, because of how much more hydrated I was compared to the first instance, this wouldn't be the first time I would awaken to pee this night. This exercise repeated itself about 5 more times throughout the night leaving me with little actual sleep. The first few times were nice wet fun for me, but I was quite tired of it by the third time. I was starting to hope that I would maybe just bedwet, but the full bladder sensation kept me sufficiently awake that that wasn't possible.

After this second instance, I was starting to come down from the peak of my omorashi craving, so I decided to use up the rest of the diapers (which were overall quite terrible and couldn't handle even one wetting) by just putting them on immediately before going to pee, filling them, and then immediately changing back out.

During all of this, I had been putting all of the diapers in my personal trash can (which has a lid to prevent odors and prying eyes). I nearly got caught when one of my housemates decided to put some stuff in my trash can while there were still diapers in it. Fortunately, luck was on my side because he wasn't paying too much attention and didn't notice. I immediately then emptied my trash can and made sure to keep it empty.

