Sort of Made It...

Author: Badatnames

*000*2020-12-05 19:49

Thanks to COVID, I’ve been working remotely a few days a week. One of my remote days falls on a weekly two and a half (or three…) hour Zoom meeting. Here begins the fun….

When we had these meetings in person, I was always fine with randomly getting up and going to the bathroom (because, you know – it’s a two and a half hour morning meeting and coffee is the only thing getting me through it). On Zoom, however, I keep my mic and camera off, and have a weird thing about leaving – I’m worried that someone will ask me a question when I’m gone, and my boss will think I’m not paying attention when I don’t answer (which is a silly thing concern because everyone assumes that someone is either having tech problems, or stepped out to sue the bathroom when people don’t answer). Either way, it’s a weird thing I have, and I feel awkward leaving a message saying I’ll be right back (again, no one would care), so, as you can guess, this has led to a few holds over the past through months…

I mentioned that my boyfriend and I finally opened up with one another about our mutual fetish; granted, it’s only been within the past few months that we’ve really begun exploring it (and an amazing few months it’s been…). Hence why about forty-five minutes to the end of the meeting, when the urge I felt half an hour prior was beginning to border on desperation, I texted him at work with a joke about always having to pee during this way too long meeting. His response: “Be a shame if you didn’t make it…”

Me: “A damn shame indeed…”

Him: “Well, there would have to be punishment. And of course, you’d have to send pictures.”

Thus the compulsion to down the rest of my coffee and water and refill both began. Keep in mind, I’d been drinking coffee throughout the meeting, so after fifteen minutes, I was long from the border of desperation. My legs were tightly crossed and fidgeting, I kept staring at the clock. Another fifteen minutes, and I was thankful I could keep my camera off. I had a hand shoved between my thighs, and felt a deep pressure on my bladder every time I exhaled. Another fifteen minutes to go… assuming the meeting ended on time... It typically doesn’t. Still texting my boyfriend, I told him that if the meeting ran late, I didn’t think I’d make it. He responded by gently taunting me, asking how wet my panties were, urging me to let go, reminding me how good it would feel my body relax… 

Hand between my legs, crossed and shaking, I could feel my bladder contracting with waves of desperation… how I hadn’t leaked yet, I have no idea. With every wave, I could feel the urine just on the cusp, begging to come out. As the minutes crawled, I could feel myself rocking slowly back and forth, my jeans digging into my bulging bladder. I’d stopped paying attention to the meeting at this point. All I could think was, I have to pee. Holy fuck, I have to pee. Please end and let me pee. This, while reading texts from my boyfriend saying, “You can. Right there. All over yourself.” My breath was shallow at this point, and I’d begun subconsciously moaning, biting on the nails of whatever hand wasn’t holding myself. I could barely call what I was feeling waves of desperation – it was just pure, unending desperation, pulsing. God, don’t pee. Please, please, please don’t pee.

Then, was the moment I was fearing. I heard my boss call my name, asking for a meeting I was only half paying attention to. I took as deep a breath I could handle, and, turning on the mic, said, “I’m sorry. I completely zoned. Would you mind repeating that?”

Words do not describe the level of shock I felt for how still my voice was. My boss laughed, repeated her question, and, in an equally still voice, answered her question, all the while thinking of what excuse I could give if I began to piss, right there, and the sound of dripping ran to to mic.

Thankful, it didn’t. “Thanks!” My boss said, as I turned off my mic, and let out a deep, pained moan. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck, gotta pee. Gonna pee.

Finally, after those last minutes of hell, the meeting began to come to an end. On time, for once – 

Except not because my boss decided now would be a great time to talk about FUCKING SECRET SANTA AND GETTING A GIFT FOR OUR GODDAMN DIRECTOR.

Can you tell how close I came to losing my goddamn shit at this point?

Shaking, moaning, trembling, feeling my body beg and edge toward just letting everything out, I sat at my desk for another 20 minutes, half listening to my team discuss Christmas ideas. All the while, I continued to text my boyfriend.

My messages were along the lines of, “THIS SHIT CAN BE DONE IN AN EMAIL. HALF OF THIS MEETING COULD HAVE JUST BEEN A FUCKING EMAIL.”

Finally, the 20 minutes passed. The meeting ended. I ended the call, and closed my laptop, texting my boyfriend triumphantly about not having even leaked throughout the meeting, and finally getting to use the bathroom that sat several feet from me.

All I had to do was get up and walk to it.

And here was the problem.

I couldn’t get up.

The thought of relief being so close, I could feel my bladder contracting more and more, demanding release now. Right now. I crossed my legs tighter and closed my eyes, telling myself it would just be another ten seconds. Finally, the wave passed, and I took a breath, and slowly began to stand.

Then I peed.

It wasn’t a leak. It wasn’t a slow release. It was a heavy stream. I felt my eyes widen as I peed into my jeans, onto the chair, and listened as it all spilled over and formed a large puddle on the floor. In vain, I tried to stop it. For a moment, the stream lightened. But it didn’t stop. And just as quickly, it strengthened, and I felt the bulge in my bladder ease as warmth spread quickly, saturating the back of my jeans and spreading to the front, pooling in the chair and wrapping around my calves on the way to the floor. After emptying half of my bladder, the urge to pee still noticeable, but my jeans already soaked, I texted my boyfriend: “Well… I sort of made it. To the end of the meeting at least…”

Less than thirty seconds, his response came in: “Pictures. Now.”

But first, I wanted to clean the puddle I made. I grabbed towels, got on my knees, and bent down to clean the mess – 

Only to add to it. On all fours, I felt the rest of my bladder slowly flow into my jeans, soaking the legs, and gently dripping on the floor between my thighs. I didn’t try to stop it this time. I closed my eyes, and felt myself let go, gently moaning at the bliss of release. Finally, the flow came to an end, and I remained for a moment, on hands and knees, having lost all control and peed in my jeans, and in the puddle spreading over the floor.

Needless to say, my boyfriend was a big fan of the photos.

