Another day at work

Author: Tiffers34

*000*2020-04-30 16:19

So I know it’s been a while since I posted but I have another story that I just had to post.

Arriving at work I was greeted by an email from one of my supervisors that I had to go to a different city to grab some supplies from another one of our offices. Immediately I was happy to take the trip, after all, I could take my time and enjoy the beautiful day. Mid 50s is beautiful spring weather to be driving with my windows down. Before thinking about it, I left the office, got in my car and was on my way. Of course since it’s a road trip, I stopped and got a large iced coffee (what’s a road trip without iced coffee). The drive took about 40 mins on the highway as I sipped on my coffee and was quite relaxed.

Getting to the other office, I was immediately greeted and they had most of the supplies I needed. As I was going through the list, I realized they had missed some items so I was stuck waiting another half hour. Getting rather impatient with them, I got the other items from them, put them in my car and jumped on the road again.

Wanting to not get back to work too early, I decided to take a smaller county highway rather than the major highway I originally took. After starting and leaving one town, I realized I hadn’t been to the bathroom in a while and my need to pee was starting to grow. I figured I could make it easily without much worry. The county highway I was on was very curvy and only two lanes. And that’s when it happened......

I came around a curve and was greeted with a slower moving semi. Ugh, just my luck. Driving behind the semi, I started to realize the my need to pee was much worse than I originally thought. I turned the volume up on my radio and drummed my fingers on the steering wheel as my leg started to sway back and forth. Trying to think of places I could stop in case I really had to go.

I attempted to pass the semi a few times, however, every time I tried there were cars driving the opposite way. I was really stuck now. After another 15 mins, I was really fijiting. I could keep myself still in my seat. The seatbelt and my regular belt pressed into my waist and bladder making my situation even worse. It also didn’t help that I nervously sipped on the rest of my iced coffee, which was mostly just water at this point. After another 15 mins, I was really desperate. One hand on the wheel, the other pressed into the crotch of my jeans. Bouncing up and down in my seat, I started yelling at the semi.

I started looking for anywhere to pee at this point. Somewhere semi private would work, however the few businesses I passed were all closed thanks to the covid epidemic. Finally I saw a storage off to the side, figuring I could stop there, hide myself with my car and the building to find relief. I quickly slowed my car down to make the turn when my bladder finally started saying it had had enough and a quick jet of pee escaped into my panties. Just a little farther and I could finally pee, I thought. I pulled into the thankfully unmanned storage unit and quickly found a place to go. As I stopped my car, another longer squirt of pee escaped into my panties. I stopped and started to get out and my bladder had just had enough.

Before I could fully stand out of my car, I started peeing in my jeans and I couldn’t stop. I jumped away from the car, not wanting to get my seat and car wet with pee. I gave up and kept flooding my pants. While it felt amazing, a little part of me was embarrassed I couldn’t make it back to work. Finally after a few mins, my bladder was mostly empty and I stopped peeing. My jeans were soaked and the cool breeze felt even cooler.

Luckily for me, no one was around for me to embarrass myself in front of. Quickly thinking, I remembered I had workout clothes in my car (so much for working out after work). I was able to change my clothes in my car without making too much of a mess. I removed my pants and panties and found a small area of my leans that weren’t soaked with pee to wipe my legs. I pulled on the yoga pants as made sure I looked alright in the reflection of the car.

I finished my drive and dropped the supplies off at work. My boss gave me a look based on my wearing yoga pants (they are frowned upon at work) but thanked me for getting the supplies. I requested taking the rest of the day off and he agreed. Thankfully I could go home and shower and start laundry

