My First Wetting Story

Author: AnimeLover2001

*000*2019-07-30 19:32

I have been liking wetting for quite a long time for now, but had never had the courage to write any stories to be posted online. So this one is my first ever. Hope you like it.

A couple of days ago, when my mom had a long day at work, I decided to try something I had found here on Omorashi.org quite a while ago. (Here's a link to the original post: $/14331-fun-ways-to-peewet/?do=findComment&comment=1341258

)

{{:

I read something about a year ago that changed my experience drastically! Basically, you drink 10 oz of water every 15 minutes for 2 hours, releasing your bladder every time it feels full. This makes your bladder used to being filled then emptied, and makes it somewhat weak - you'll know what I mean if you try it. Then, once the 2 hours are up, no more bathroom! The feeling of an exhausted stretched out bladder being filled is like none other - I guarantee you wont last more than an hour. This is really the only way I feel like I can have a real accident. It's incredible!

}}

Since my mom wouldn’t be home for a long time, I jumped at the opportunity and gave this thing a go. I woke up early and began the drinking process. Two hours went by quite fast and before I knew it, the time was up for toilet breaks! The feeling of pressure building up was incredible! I could probably have lasted longer than 15 minutes, but I really wanted to get to the wetting part already. I had already changed into my wetting boxers and shorts after the last toilet break. So I was good to go.

I don’t like making too much of a mess when I do wetting, so I decided to do it in the shower. As I stood there waiting for the pee to come, I got a better idea. I took off my boxers and shorts, put them on the floor the butt side up and peed on them. When they were wet enough, I put them back on and peed again, wetting the front side of my pants.

It took me actually a whole hour to empty my bladder! The feeling of my wet pants was just something so amazing! I think I peed about seven times in them during that one hour!

Since my mom wouldn’t be home for several more hours, I decided to wear those pee-soaked boxers and shorts for as long as I could. I love that wet feeling so much! So, I just came back to my room, laid a plastic bag and a towel on my chair, and started watching some YouTube. When I got the urge to pee again, I simply went to the toilet and let it all out into my pants, once again.

Now, as I'm writing this story, I'm actually wearing those same wetting pants. Tomorrow is the laundry day, so I might as well wet them again today and throw them into the washing machine tomorrow.

