Heavy leaking on doorstep

Author: voidstar

*000*2022-06-06 11:27

So something I didn't really expect just happened. Skip to the ** for the real omo content

I don't know exactly when I used the bathroom before leaving, but I estimate it to be somewhere between 4pm and 5pm, and then I left home at 6pm to do some errands. One of these errands included sitting in a McDonald's parking lot for a few hours so I could mooch their free WiFi for a large download since my home internet situation is hot garbage. I got a meal with a large soda and settled in for the wait, watching Netflix on my phone. (Note: I'm in America so when I say large, I do mean very large by European standards as I understand them.)

Around 8pm I got a bit bored and decided to break up the monotony by going to the grocery store before it closed, then returning to McDonalds to continue the download since it's open 24-hours and I didn't need to worry about the WiFi shutting down. I made sure not to get anything refrigerated so that I didn't need to rush home to put it away. I do remember a vague need to pee while shopping but considering I was never more than 10 or 15 minutes from home, I wasn't worried.

Anyway I returned to McDonald's and didn't go through the drive-through this time, just parked and resumed the download. I had bought a case of soda cans in the store, and started sipping on them while I watched Netflix. Apparently I drank 5 cans from then until almost midnight. I hadn't been counting and had also been very absorbed in my Netflix drama.

Anyway I eventually noticed that my laptop battery had died. I wasn't sure how long ago it had turned itself off, but it was clearly time to go home. I gathered up the trash from my earlier McDonald's dinner and all my soda cans to throw away before going home, and got out of the car.

###

The second I stood up I realized I needed to pee. Urgently. I have no idea how I didn't notice it before. I guess Netflix is just that addicting. The McDonald's I was at closed thier dining room at 11pm and since it was almost midnight I knew I couldn't convince them to let me in. I quickly threw my trash in one of their outside garbage bins and got back in the car.

It was fine. I wasn't far from home. It was maybe 15 minutes away at most, and traffic was light this time of night.

I honestly don't know why my urgency got so bad so fast. I started the drive confident I could make it. As I waited at a light I realized the urgency had come to stay, instead of fading in and out like I'm used to. It was constant. I got onto the interstate and found an upbeat song on the radio so that I could pretend that my bouncing legs were "dancing." Yes, I was alone in the car but I was still embarrassed for some reason. Idk.

By the time I pulled up to my apartment building, I was not "dancing." I was squirming. I was still embarrassed, but since there wasn't actually anyone to see me, I was done lying to myself and squirming freely, accompanied by a bit of whining. The issue was that I still had groceries that I needed to bring in, and I'm one of those people who feel like making more than one trip to bring in groceries is a dishonor upon my lineage. Also the walk from my assigned parking space around the back of the building and up to my 2nd floor apartment is just too long to fuck with a return trip in my opinion, even If I'm about to pee myself.

So I set about gathering the bags. There were a few items that I had to carry without bags, mainly the case of sodas that was too big for a bag and was now open so I had to carry it a certain way or else spill the rest of the cans all over the parking lot. As I got myself situated, I kept having to stop and squirm a little to make the urgency chill out a little. I was confident I could make it to the door, I just knew that it was going to be dreadfully uncomfortable and was not looking forward to it.

Finally I had everything gathered securely in my arms, and headed for the door. I had made sure the keys were prepared in my hand so that I could just shove the key in the lock, dump my armload on the floor inside the door, and go straight to the toilet. Things were going well, if uncomfortably, until I got to the stairs. I swear I thought every step was going to be the end of me. On the last one, right as I got to my balcony, I felt a small leak squeeze its way out.

It's fine. I'm wearing underwear. They'll be a bit damp but it's fine.

I need to briefly mention that I share the external balcony with my neighbor, and our doors face each other. My neighbor also has one of those smart doorbell things with a camera that records any motion it sees, including my coming and going (not something I'm super comfy with but whatever) so I was very aware that there was a chance my neighbor would have video evidence of my squirming on my doorstep, and my pride couldn't handle that. So I simply did not squirm. Once I reached the balcony I was the epitome of calm.

I put the key in the lock. Or I tried. It didn't fit.

What the fuck.

I tried again. It didn't fit.

I felt another leak squeeze its way into my underwear, but I didn't dare squirm. I was seconds away from privacy. I tried the key again. I was sacrificing concentration on holding my piss for concentration on putting the key in correctly. The groceries were heavy in my arms and my muscles were tired and I couldn't get the key to fit.

I felt wetness spreading across my front and was starting to panic when I looked properly at the keys. Turns out I had the wrong key in hand. My mailbox key was above my car fob, and my house key was below it. As I fumbled to switch the keys in my hand I dropped them.

I couldn't squirm. I couldn't allow there to be potential footage of me squirming in the universe. There were definitely clenched fists though, even if I couldn't hold myself because my arms were full. The way I kind of curtsied down low enough to get the keys had to have looked awkward, and it squeezed another leak out of me. This time, the thin material of my shorts couldn't contain it and I felt a drop running down the inside of my thigh, but I didn't look.

I was shaking as I shoved the correct key into the lock, but it wasn't over. Oh no. A lizard who had probably been crawling around the porch light suddenly dropped onto my arm. It wasn't a big deal. He was small and it's happened before, but I wasn't mentally ready for it and whipped my arm down at the ground to shake him off. And dropped the keys. AGAIN.

I curtsied again to pick them up, and this time the leak was a light but steady trickle, more droplets down my leg because the front of my shorts were done and sticking to me. My entire crotch felt warm. Thank fuck I managed to get the key in and turn it this time with no incident, and barged into my apartment. Everything in my arms went crashing to the floor, including my laptop which is thankfully okay, and I speed walked straight to the bathroom. I did get my shorts down and didn't realize that I'd been holding my breath until I noticed that I was panting as though I'd just run a mile.

My shorts were soaked in the front and most of the crotch, but I don't think that my neighbor's camera would have picked up anything from behind considering the lighting (I hope).

No pictures lol sorry. I tossed everything in the washing machine before thinking about it because I just wanted all evidence gone ASAP. That said, I did sit down immediately to write this and am currently squirming in my seat a little. I think my bladder is tired but I'd like to have fun with this before finally going to sleep.

