Work meeting desperation

Author: tomazaguilar

*000*2020-01-28 15:40

Stories last year, I went out to lunch with some co-workers celebrating the birthday of one of them. After a few rounds of juices and soft drinks, we had to return to the company. As soon as we arrived at the office, our boss summoned us to a meeting that needed to start at that moment in the presence of some customers. Soon my friend and I were worried. We didn't go to the restaurant's bathroom and we couldn't go to the company. Usually meetings last about an hour, so you could hold on until the end. However, the boss decided to take stock of the last few months and the meeting dragged on for longer. When it was time for a meeting and everything seemed to last much longer, my bladder was already throbbing with pee inside it. I really needed to go to the bathroom. My friend next door was crossing her legs hard, fidgeting in her chair and looking strained.

After another thirty minutes, I received a message from my friend with him saying that I was feeling sick to pee and that I was almost dripping on my panties. I was completely tight with the pee almost gone. I sent a message to my boss explaining our urgent situation and he said to wait a little bit because he was going to take a break. Only fifteen minutes went by and no break. We were frantic in the chair. My friend, already watering, told me that she would have an accident if it weren't in the bathroom at that moment. My bladder looked like it was going to explode. I couldn't take any more pee. I motioned with my hand to my boss, begging for a break. He asked the client who was speaking at the moment a bathroom break. The client said he was just going to end his reasoning and was going to interrupt.

In that, it was almost ten minutes and ten minutes for those with a bladder at the limit it seems like ten hours ... My despair was total. The pressure came in waves of pain and it felt like at any moment I was going to wet my pants. My friend with her hand between her legs was squirming in her chair almost crying. When the break came, we ran in desperation to the bathroom. However, I could see a small stain on my friend's pants that I could hardly walk properly. We relieved ourselves and I with only a few pee splashes on my panties. My friend came out of the bathroom with a patch between her legs and a medium drain on one of her thighs. Ashamed, she asked me for help. I borrowed a long blazer and she tied it around her waist. It was terrible. I never leave the restaurant again without going to the bathroom first.

*001*2020-01-28 20:06

Yesterday I had a real piss accident in my pants due to another work meeting. Before the meeting started, there was a cofee break with a wide variety of food and drinks. Before that, I had to drink a cup full of coffee to get my sleep. After the last bad experience in which I started a meeting without going to the bathroom and went through great despair, I went to empty my bladder. Only that cup full of coffee was already speeding up my kidneys without me noticing. The meeting started. It was a very important meeting in which I could not be absent under any circumstances. The first speaker made his notes for a long 45 minutes.

Long enough for my bladder to send signals that it was filling. I started to worry if I would be able to hold the pee for two hours or more. I hoped the meeting would not be more than two hours. The second speaker started his speech and this was kind of hindered and it helped to stretch his part even more, which ended with an hour of speech. At that moment I was dying to pee. My bladder was showing signs of urgency and I was afraid of losing the battle. I had to cross my legs tightly and pinch my groin with my thumb. My bladder was very full of piss. And the worst thing is that I had to speak now.

Standing, I had to cross my legs without letting anyone realize my need to pee. I did my reading as fast as I could, praying that no one would ask me anything. Unfortunately two raised their hands and I had to answer. I was almost at my limit. He was doing the pee dance by switching legs. I was dying for a piss. I couldn't take it anymore. I was praying for a break from the meeting so I could make a run for the ladies' room. When the questions were over, I said quietly in my boss's ear that I was very desperate to go to the bathroom. I was dying for a piss and was about to pee my pants. He asked me to wait because it would be over soon. I could feel some moisture in the panties. I was feeling really bad about peeing right now. I was frantic in the chair, squirming and moaning very softly.

A client next door noticed my condition and asked me what it was? I answered in his ear that he was dying to pee and couldn't take it anymore. He asked for a break from the meeting but my boss said there was a little time to finish. I screamed in my mind: I NEED TO MAKE A VERY BAD PIE. I couldn't take it anymore. In a very strong pressure wave, I couldn't take it and let a small jet escape. I shivered in despair. I couldn't get up and leave the meeting because I was going to be a bad professional. I crossed my legs very hard, one hand I squeezed my vagina, the other hand gripped the chair.

MY BLADDER WILL EXPLODE AND I WAS NEAR TO LOSE CONTROL. I really needed to pee. I was almost doing it in my pants. The rescue came with a female client who asked for a break to go to the bathroom. Even so, my boss said it was going to be over in a maximum of ten minutes. I was frustrated. I needed to go to the bathroom really bad. I was on the verge of peeing my pants in front of the entire work meeting. It would be a disaster. I WILL PISS IN MY PANTS. The pain was unbearable and I could only switch legs and wait.

I just wanted to get up and run to the bathroom to pee but I couldn't. The woman insisted on ending the meeting and my boss summed it up in three minutes. Before that, I felt another jet of pee wet my panties and I could feel a wetness on my fingers over my pants. My eyes filled with tears and I had sweat on my forehead. I was dying. I needed to pee like never before in my 38 years. I WAS ABOUT TO PISS IN YOUR PANTS LIKE A BABY. I was very frantic in the chair, moving sideways and bending forward.

I CANNOT TAKE MORE HOLD OF THE PISS. When the boss finally finished, I grabbed my purse, got up carefully so that no more pee would drip on my panties and walked quickly to the bathroom. The women's bathroom was small and there was only one toilet. I had to hobble not to pee on the way. The female client reached me and asked me to go ahead because I needed to go wrong. Customers always have a preference and I was forced to let them go ahead. I was at my limit. He was crying and doing a frantic pee dance on the bathroom door. I knocked on the door and spoke. HURRY UP!!! HURRY UP!!! I WILL PISS IN MY PANTS HERE. I AM DESPERATE TO PISS. I WANT TO ENTER THE FEMALE TOILET. I AM A WOMAN. I'M ALMOST PISSING HERE. I WANT TO JUST ARRY THE PANTS, SQUAT AND PLEASE. I AM DESPERATE. I felt another stream of pee leaking out of my pants and a dark stain was already appearing on my light gray pants. IN TOTAL DESPERATION, I RUN TO THE MALE BATHROOM. 

There was a colleague urinating while standing at the urinal. I apologized to him and said that I couldn't take the pee anymore and that I was already peeing in my pants. I went into the booth, took off my belt, unbuttoned my pants, pulled down and let a strong jet come out of the pot making a lot of noise. I peed for a minute. I dried my pants and my pee hole with toilet paper and left. My colleague was shocked to realize that I was really desperate for a piss, as it lasted a full minute with a strong jet in the toilet. I was really sick. There was a small patch between the legs. I was flushed with shame. I apologized for using the men's room, but I REALLY WASN'T HOLDING FOR MORE TIME. I REALLY WAS PISSING IN MY PANTS.

*002*2020-01-29 19:44

Last winter, I had a business meeting in a conference room at a hotel near the company. It was a long but pleasant meeting. The waiters served plenty of snacks and drinks. Thirty minutes from the end they released beer to cheer people up and make the environment more social. Beer for me is a serious problem because it is a highly diuretic drink and my bladder is not a big one. But I went to social and drank. When the meeting ended, a crowd rushed to the bathrooms and soon a huge line was formed for the ladies' room and I, as I was talking to friends, did not pay attention to go to the bathroom. The company was four blocks away. So I decided to go to the company and use the bathroom there. I was walking and already in the street I could already feel stitches in the bladder.

The beer was speeding up urine production by the kidneys and my bladder was filling up fast. In the company lobby, I went straight to the bathrooms downstairs. To my frustration they were closed for maintenance. I had to twist and grab my groin. It was too tight to pee. I went to take the elevators and three male colleagues entered with me. Halfway there was a crash and the elevator stopped. She was trapped in an elevator with three men and dying to use the bathroom. We waited five minutes and nothing. We called security and he asked me to wait for maintenance to arrive. The problem is that maintenance would only get there in thirty minutes. I thought, thirty minutes I can manage my bladder and then run to the ladies' room. More than forty minutes passed and maintenance finally came.

I was already biting my lip, crossing my legs firmly and discreetly pressing my thumb into the pee hole. I really needed to go to the bathroom. The maintenance took minutes to say that the problem was with the engine and that we would have to wait from forty minutes to an hour. When he said an hour I froze. There was no way I could take an hour with a bladder overflowing to the point of dripping into my panties. Other colleagues said they needed to urinate badly, but because of me they wouldn't. And me trying to be as discreet as possible so they don't realize my despair. At one point, I sat on my heel to help contain the pressure in my bladder.

At first it improved a little, but the high heels and tight pants were not helping. I WAS CRAZY TO USE THE BATHROOM. And I was wearing blue slacks. It would be a disaster. I was surrounded by three men and there was no way I could urinate in front of them, either on the floor or in my pants. My bladder was bursting. All the beer was going to my kidneys and blowing up my bladder. I was tense, but I still managed to hide my intense need. One of my colleagues was calm, the other two were restless but showed no sign of despair. I was in desperation with so much desire. When it was fifteen minutes to an hour, I called maintenance myself and asked for their position. They said they were working and that in about another forty minutes they would be done.

I almost screamed in agony: FORTY MINUTES ???? IS A LONG TIME!!!! I NEED TO LEAVE HERE SOON !!! At that moment a pressure wave hit my bladder and before I finished speaking I had to squirm. Then I was forced to do a pee dance changing my feet and legs in desperation. I WAS DESPERATE TO PISS. I CAN’T HOLD ON FOR MORE TIME. My colleagues realized that there was something wrong with me and I had to say that I was dying to urinate. At that moment I was frantic. I squirmed and lowered. I walked to the side, crossed my legs, crossed to the other, I had nothing else to do. Until in a wave of pressure, the pee leaked into her panties. PEOPLE!!! I AM DESPERATE. I NEED TO GO IN THE BATHROOM NOW IF I WILL NOT PISS IN THE PANTS. One of the colleagues told him to crouch there in the elevator and relieve himself. I said no. But it was actually what I most wanted to do at that moment.

But my dignity did not allow me to pee with other men. My will has become unbearable. After thirty minutes, the belt was already loose and I unbuttoned the button on my pants so I could take it. More urine was driping down my pants and I could already feel moisture between my legs. Again I took the phone from the elevator and told maintenance to SPEED UP !!! HURRY UP!!! HURRY UP!!! I AM ABOUT TO HAVE A STUPID ACCIDENT IN PANTS HERE !!! I NEED TO PEE NOW. I’M SO DESPERATE TO PISS VERY BADLY. Again my colleague said that the others would turn their backs so I could pee on the elevator floor. I WAS SCREAMING IN PAIN IN THE BLADDER !!!

When I felt the pee dripping even more on my panties and wet my pants, I gave myself up. OK!!! I CAN’T HOLD IT ANY MORE. I'M ALMOST PISSING IN THE PANTS. Turn your back, and please don't look !!! I pulled my pants down and before I squat down completely, a torrent of piss came out and squirted on the elevator floor for more than a minute causing a huge puddle. At the time I cried out in relief: OOOHHHHHHHHH !!!!!! WOW!!!! HOW I WAS DESPERATE TO PISS !!!!! My colleagues were shocked at the sight of the floor completely soaked with piss. I was completely desperate. After another few minutes, the elevator finally took off and I was able to change the wet pants for a tight dress.

