A second day at school

Author: Thatsamyname

*000*2012-01-28 00:21

I was not woken up quite as rudely this morning by my wonderful father, but instead by a blaring alarm. My eyes still three quarters of the way closed, my fist collided with the desk multiple times before I finally swung my legs out of my bed, and I eased myself up off of it with my arms. My bed, worn out by years of use, creaked and trembled as I climbed off of it. I shuffled over to the wall, and dropped to a knee. I looked over at the soft red light of the clock, and through my blurred vision, I could make out the number 4 followed by two I still couldn’t quite make out. I dragged my hand along the wall until I finally reached a structure jutting out of the wall. My fingers reached around it, and I tugged on it. The force of this, combined with my early morning dizziness, threw me back on my rear. 

I attempted to blink the sleep out of my eyes; however, I succeeded only in blurring them further. I wrapped my fingers around the side of my bed, and pulled myself up to a standing position. I walked over to where I had the night before placed a gallon full container of water. I had intended to try my own at holding, which had my interest piqued since last night. I reached out for it, stopping midway as I pondered the last time I tried something similar to this. It ended in a broken toilet, blood stained tile, and a 2-night-stay in the hospital. I stared at a nonexistent audience in the corner of my room as I mulled this over, and finally decided that it could not be so bad, considering multiple people in the community have partaken in this. I took the container up in both hands, and downed it.

I felt like at the speed I attempted this (15-20 minutes), I was drowning myself. Nonetheless, I had finished, and after I had showered, thrown on some clothes, etc. I decided to sloth my way upstairs and listen to music on my laptop as I waited for my friend to pick me up in 3 hours. It was about 2 hours before I started shivering with impatience at the sensations of needing to pee. Nonetheless, I managed to pull through until second hour, which is when I assist freshmen. I stumbled through the door, my eyes nearly watering from a bladder threatening to explode. I sat down at a side table, and noticed someone new.

It was another girl assigned to the classroom. She was beautiful. She was wearing calf-high fur boots, and a brown miniskirt. She wore a thin sweater over her tiny frame, and long, blonde hair covered half of her face. As I stared at her, I realized I was shivering as my bladder finally decided to let loose. It seemed that she noticed, as she was giggling the whole time, her hand over her mouth doing quite the bad job of stifling her laughs. I could feel my face turning red, and I quickly stood up, and dashed out of the room as quick as I calculated I could without letting loose anymore. I had already made it halfway back to my locker when I realized that I had no spare jeans there anymore, as I had lent them to the freshman girl earlier.

I simply made my way to the bathroom, standing in front of a urinal for several minutes before finally being able to shake the last of it out and returning to my normal schedule. I had to sit through the entire school day, my thighs rubbed raw by the wet cotton shifting underneath my current jeans. As I finally finished my last hour, I decided to quickly scrawl out a note to my friend who was about to pick me up to go home. It was something about how I had met a cute girl second hour, but I had completely embarrassed myself through obvious means, and I had to know what to do to get back on good terms with her.

I caught her outside in the school parking lot, and handed it to her. I watched as her face turned to one of mild discomfort, and she seemed to stumble over her words a little bit before finally admitting “I don’t know. Sorry, (Harble).” I wondered what could be the matter with her, and as I opened a book I was reading, I made it to chapter 13, page 198 before reading four words scrawled on the page. “Hey, cutie. It’s Alexis. (the name of my friend)” And I looked over at her. A worn smile was painted on her face, and she seemed to stare off into space through the windshield of the car. I finally realized my mistake.

This girl, the only girl who had truly accepted me through thick and thin, the only girl who had defended me when backed into a corner, the only girl who had cared for me in times of trouble. She wanted to be close to me, and I used this to claw her heart out of her chest. I thought back to all the girls from my past, how I had pretty much done the same to them. I slapped my book shut, and I stared at the floor of the car until we finally arrived at my home. I stumbled my way out of the car, my bag dragging along the concrete from my limp arm. “Bye…” I didn’t turn back to look at her. I couldn’t. As I entered the house, my father simply stared at me, soaked from the waist down.

“You look like a child. A pathetic, scared little child.” I simply signed in what rudimentary knowledge of sign language I had for him to fuck off. In about five seconds flat, I had my face slammed against the stair banister. “DON’T give me that disrespect, boy. I am your father, and you will show me civility when I am around.” Again, I had my face pounded against the hard wood of the stairs. I was then spun around by the back of my shirt so my back faced the stairs, and I felt his knuckles collide with the side of my face, and my teeth digging into the side of my cheek.

I crumpled to the ground, and I wanted to beg, to scream at him to finish the job as he walked back to his couch. I wanted my life to end; I wanted retribution for all the people I had caused to suffer. I knew I couldn’t. As I sat there, I realized the irony of the statement that the freshman had made before she wet herself on me. She told me I had helped people. But in the end, everyone I’ve come into contact with has been abandoned, thrown to the curb by me like garbage. I had shown no compassion for their troubles. And I had no heart to cry at this point. I could only smile at the irony.

