When I Knew I Loved Omo...

Author: LivQueen

*000*2019-07-14 19:49

So this is a story about my first experience watching others hold, and what made me realise I was super into watching holding.

I was in the car with my girlfriend, we had taken a weekend away and were on the 6 hour drive home. We were driving home to my place.

An hour into the drive we went to a drive through and got coffees. We promised no stopping because we wanted to be home for a show we liked (lame, I know!).

3 hours in I had to pee but decided not to say anything because I was a little into holding. I didn't even stop to think about my girlfriend, who I'll call Anna.

Another hour passed and now we're on the motorway. We wouldn't be off again until 10 minutes to home, so no stopping now. I noticed Anna was wiggling in her seat and that caught my eye. I started wondering if she had to pee too and realised I was feeling tingles in my pussy... Was this turning me on?

Well, another half an hour and she muttered something under her breath.

"Damn"

I asked her what she said and she admitted to having to pee "a little". I know she had to go bad and we had another hour plus to go. She couldnt pee if she wanted to. I was really wet and couldnt tell whether it was all me holding or if her holding was turning me on. But I really knew it was her.

I kept driving and an idea ame to me. She wasnt going to admit that she was desperate, she was shy about that stuff. So even if I said I had to go, she likely wouldnt admit it, meaning I could go first in my only bathroom!

I grabbed my water bottle and took a swig. I offered it to her and, not wanting me to know her predicament, took a swig too. When she thought I wasnt looking, she was holding herself. She was really desperate!

We finally pulled of the motorway and I saw her eyes dart down - she'd clearly just had a surge of desperation as she realised she'd be peeing soon. I began my plan.

"Man, I really have to pee!"

"Yeah, me too"

"I mean, I'm bursting!"

I saw her go red, trying to decide if she was going to admit it. She didn't say anything.

I took my time and went slow over speed bumps, my bladder aching but my pussy wet as hell. I watched her squirm every time.

2 minutes to home I saw her with her hand firmly in her crotch, thinking I wasn't looking. She was really desperate!!

I pulled slowly into my driveway and she jumped from the car. Again, I knew no matter how desperate she was she would never admit it, so I began phase two.

"Oh man I have to piss. Can you help me with the bags and then I can go quicker?"

"Can't we leave them for later?"

"But then we'll miss our show! Come on, it'll take me two trips and I'm bursting for a piss!"

She reluctantly followed me over and I left the heaviest bag for her. She was clearly struggling to walk and I felt a little bad, but my rock hard clit reminded me why I was doing it.

I 'fumbled' for my keys as I saw her dancing around behind me, thinking I couldn't see. I opened the door, put down the bags, and headed to the bathroom.

I saw her open her mouth, flushed red and struggling to keep still. I had a feeling she was about to ask to go first, so I interrupted her

"Thank goodness! I gotta piss, I'm glad you don't have to go too badly because I'll probably be a few minutes!"

She opened her mouth to speak but before she could, I shut the door and stood the other side. I didn't want to piss just yet but I also wanted to keep her waiting.

I heard her whimper the other side of the door. She was whispering "hurry up. I'm so stupid why didnt I say anything. Ooh please hurry!"

I sat down on the toilet, gave my rock hard clit a little rub, and then pissed. It felt amazing and, knowing Anna would hear, I moaned. Loudly.

I spent time washing my hands, wondering if I could keep her from pissing. I opened the door and saw her dart towards me.

"Oh, couldn't keep away?" I said, pulling her in for a kiss

"No, I-"

But I cut her off with a kiss, pushing her against the wall. I purposefully knocked her bladder and she gasped.

"Babe, I have to -"

"Shall we go watch TV?"

"I have to pee"

Oh, well it won't flush again so soon. You should have said. Why dont you help me with the bags first?

This time, the pressure on her was too much

"I CANT! IM BURSTING!" She shoved her hands between her legs and rushed past me. She didnt even shut the door as she ripped down her panties and began to piss. Her moans were ecstatic as I watched in amazement.

She apologised for pissing in front of me like that, but I admitted my turn on to her and she looked surprised.

Lets just say, we have had plenty of fun holding sessions since. I love that girl.

