Inspired to Wet in Class

Author: jason2548

*000*2012-10-26 03:01

So I have been into this stuff for quite some time and I have always wondered about what it would be like to try a public wetting, but never actually did it. However, I was inspired by one of the recent stories here and decided that I had to try it myself.

I got up yesterday and put on some grey boxer briefs, a pair of dark blue jeans, a blue polo, and some sneakers. I planned to study in the library for a bit and then I had one class in the afternoon with a break and then two classes in the evening. My last class got out at 9. After my first class I went to the bathroom and emptied myself. I was nervous/excited in anticipation knowing that the next time I relieved myself, it wouldn't be in a bathroom. That is, of course, assuming that I would have the nerve to go through with my plan. I grabbed a late lunch and started filling up for the evening fun with two bottles of water. I had some time to kill, so I studied in the library while downing a third bottle of water.

Just before my two back-to-back evening classes, I stopped at the Starbucks around the corner and ordered a large coffee to get me through class and I purchased a bottle of green tea for later. As I arrived to the lecture hall and sat down for my class, my bladder was already starting to feel quite full and my pulse was racing in excitement. "Here goes nothing," I thought to myself. In the middle of the lecture I finished my coffee and started on my bottle of green tea. As class ended, I finished the bottle and stood up to head to my final class for the evening. As I stood up, I felt the weight on my then rapidly filling bladder. I was started to have second thoughts about what I was doing. It would feel so good to stop in the bathroom and just let it go between classes. As I passed the final bathroom on my way to my next lecture, I looked at it longingly and somehow got the nerve to keep walking.

I sat down for my final class of the evening, sociology. It is a large lecture hall and I usually sit near the front. This time, however, I sat in the very last row right by the back door of the hall. As I was sitting down, waiting for class to begin, I was really feeling quite desperate at this point after tanking up all afternoon. I was fidgety and luckily, no one sat directly next to me. "This was going to be a lecture to remember," I thought to myself as the professor got started. I had a large jacket that hides my front somewhat and I tied a hooded sweatshirt around my waste to hide my backside when I stood up. 

I knew it was unlikely I'd be able to hold it the entire lecture. The pressure built more and more and sweat was beginning to form on my forehead in my effort to hold it. I was trying to take notes, but I really couldn't focus on the lecture too much anymore at this point. I was beginning to feel the pressure in intense waves as my bladder had spasms. During one particularly intense wave, I could feel the seal breaking. I pushed my thighs together, clenched my teeth, and tried to hold myself under my jacket, but I felt the first spurt of pee wet my boxer briefs and jeans for about 3 seconds.

After about five minutes of desperation and more waves of pressure, my bladder lost another spurt, this one longer, maybe about 6 seconds. About 2 minutes later another 5 second spurt or so. By now my crotch was quite wet and I could feel the pee running down and beginning to soak my butt. I couldn't believe what I was doing and yet I was so turned on at the same time.

With the next spurt of pee I tried to clamp down but it was no use. I relaxed and let the pee flow. Instantly I felt my crotch and thighs get all warm and wet. I felt the pee pouring down and pooling under me, getting my butt all soaked. The relieve felt incredible. I wanted to keep going, but I had let out enough to regain control just as some pee stated to run off the edge of the seat and splatter on the back of my calf, leaving a small dark trail on my jeans. I sat there and enjoyed the warmth and the wetness as my bladder started to fill back up again.

As I was getting quite desperate again, the class finally ended and I made a quick dash out the back door. Once outside, the dark gave me a little bit of cover. I went home feeling so naughty the whole time in my wet jeans and by the time I got back to my room, I was bursting again. I leaned back on the bathroom wall and just let it go. I slid down into the puddle and enjoyed the naughtiness, relieve, warmth, and wetness of the moment. Needless to say, I'm glad I finally got the nerve to pull this off! B)

*003*2012-10-26 04:42

It is an old lecture hall, so all the floors are wood with ancient wooden seats bolted into the floor. In such a large hall with hundreds of students going in and out all day, I figure each day someone at some point spills their coffee or soda and that probably makes more of a sticky mess than the bit of clear, diluted pee on the seat that my jeans couldn't absorb. Also, it was the last class in the building of the day, so I figured it was unlikely someone would sit in it accidently after me.

