New Challenge - Get to a Distant Bathroom Without Peeing In My Pants

Author: newromantic

*000*2017-03-06 03:07

So a few days ago I decided I would do a hold. I was hanging out around the house, drinking plenty of water and generally enjoying my afternoon. I was just about bursting when a thought crossed my mind; why not make things a bit more interesting with a challenge?

The challenge was simple, just try to make it to the bathroom without peeing in my pants. Simple enough. The only catch was that the bathroom I had to use was the one in the student center in the middle of the local university campus 10 miles away. In addition to the drive, the student center is another 1/2 mile walk from the pubic parking. I figured this would be a tough challenge, but certainly doable.

I hopped into my car, already squirming and very close to losing it. My bladder was bulging, making my light colored, slim fit stretch jeans feel that much tighter around my waist. My heart was racing and I shivered from the desperation as I made my way through traffic toward the university. About 10 minutes into the drive I was held up at a stoplight when I started to feel bladder spasms. Instinctively, I forced my hand down onto my crotch and bounced up and down in my seat. This did little to help, but luckily after a few seconds, the spasms subsided - much to my relief. Repositioning a little, I realized that my underwear was damp. I had already leaked. Fortunately, the wetness was not visible on my jeans, so I rationalized that the challenge was still on and I kept driving.

After what felt like ages, I finally made it to the parking lot, and skid into an open space. The campus was bustling as usual as I began my long walk down the campus sidewalks toward the student center. I was pretty sure several people noticed my obvious desperation as I briskly walked toward the central building, stopping occasionally to bend over, cross my legs, and regain my composure. At this point I just wanted to give up and let it happen, but I resolved to complete the challenge and carried on.

After several minutes of walking, I finally reached the doors of the student center and walked through into to the big, open central lobby. Students were seated at tables around the hall, working on homework, chatting, etc. I was thrilled to see the bathroom sign (and success) just at the other side of the lobby, only a hundred feet or so away. I picked up the pace.

Perhaps it was the thought of the bathroom being so close, but after about a dozen steps I suddenly felt the spasms again, stronger than before. I bent over and crossed my legs shamelessly in desperation. This caught the attention of an attractive college girl sitting at a table nearby the bathroom door. She was next to a friend who was working on something with a laptop. I gave the girl a nervous smile, uncrossed my legs, stood up sharply, and adjusted my glasses nonchalantly to save my dignity. I took a few more steps and then looked down again. I stopped suddenly. 

To my horror, I realized that there was a wet patch about the size of a baseball centered on my crotch between my legs. Terrified, I looked up again and made eye contact with the girl as the spasms hit once again. "Oh God" I whispered out loud and involuntarily pressed my legs together again in a pigeon-toed stance. The girl had a look of shock on her face, likely matching my own expression as I felt the warmth spreading down my thighs. I stood there, breathless and shaking, watching my jeans become soaked down to the knees until the spasms finally stopped. The challenge was over. I didn't make it.

I looked up to see the girl tapping on her friend's shoulder. She whispered something. It was hard to hear, but I could clearly make out the words "peed" and "pants". I forced a sheepish smile at them while they shifted their glances back and forth between my face and my jeans, both with expressions of absolute shock.

I don't know how many others saw my accident in that crowded hall. I was too embarrassed to look at anyone as I quickly turned around and walked back out the front door. I mostly stared at the ground and tried to ignore everyone passing by as I made the long walk of shame along the campus sidewalks back to my car.

This was definitely the most embarrassing accident of my life.

