My wetting experiences (childhood memories)

Author: DespLover9021

*000*2018-01-03 18:46

// authors note: hello, this is the first time in doing something like this, I have...personal issues and never really come to terms with the accidents i used to have in the past. I...do love this forum though and the people on it which is why I'm doing this.//

Hello everyone,

Some of you may know me here on this forum in the role-playing sphere of the site, most of the time I operate there and in pms most of the time. Allow me to take a moment and give a little bit of preface on the person behind the profile:

Behind the profile I am a 24 yr old male, living in the state of California, born in 1993 to two very nice parents and a very nice family. When i was in my very early stages of life from what I hear from my mother and from various memories I can piece together at times, I was born without the ability to speak for the first 4 1/2 years of my childhood and would have to get what is known as deep tissue therapy for my I guess you could say mouth muscles to be able to function properly. I also was never very good and still am not very good in coordination and motor skills at times I tend to...make a mess of some things.

Now that I've given you a little bit of a history on the person behind the profile let's move onto the content that I'm posting this topic in the forums.

Now be aware that some of the stuff in this forums may leave you with questions buzzing in your head but I do my best to remember some of my memories of those incidents which I wish to forget but still carry with me in the back of my mind.

Anyways here's the first set of memories:

- When I was in elementary school I always had this tendency to hold whether I put into myself until I could hold it no more. I still do the same but it's not as much as I used to do before. At the time in elementary school (and pretty much till I graduated high school) i...was...considered special needs at the time...so, I was given a special needs aid but never placed in a special needs class...this man was named tony (he was a very good man. I still respect him to this day.) Though the funny thing about growing up as special needs is that your...never really understood by your fellow peers. I was fortunate enough to have to end up in a special needs class and was intergrat ed into normal public school population and classes.

I remember throughout elementary school, during class time because I never went during the allotted breaks we would have and would ignore my need if it popped up in favor of trying to play with the other kids. I remember one incident in the third grade very clearly because we were sitting on the rug in front of the blackboard, our third grade teacher. (Really a very nice lady from what I can remember of her.) Was reading us a story (from the mr.men show of all places.) I remember sitting there with my full bladder just listening sitting next to another classmate listening to the story when I started to feel the need increase, well I put it off as always and just continued listening, ignoring it every time the need popped up until I could hold it no more and was doing a non-descript potty dance trying to keep myself together and hold out until I could get the chance to go.

But something happened and I had tried to get the teachers attention but she would just not listen or even look at my hand. I kept my hand in the air, the aid noticed but I ignored him too as I kept my hand raised until it happened, I started to feel my pants getting wet, I looked down and I saw them getting darker than their natural color and I panicked trying to stop the flow but no use as it kept going and eventually managed to get the upper part of my pants and butt wet and then eventually it created a puddle around me, the other kids on either side and in front of me sprang away from me. When the teacher finally noticed this it was too late and I had finished off.

I looked around not fully coming to terms with what had just happened until I got up and saw the puddle that had previously been inside of me and I just tried not to cry on the outside but on the inside I was crying like there was no tomorrow...i felt so ashamed at that moment. I...didnt know what to do or say as I was lead to the nurse and my mother was informed. I went back to the classroom when I received new clothes and just cleaned up my mess in full view of the others.

I used to have an accident almost once or twice or even three times a week. My mom never did anything about it because quite honestly (and I still respect my mom) she was and still is very very lazy.

Now this one is gonna be skipped far ahead into the future, middle school to be precise.

By the time I got out of elementary and went to middle school I was still having accidents but I had tried to reduce them as often as I could but still not going during break times unless it was absolutely necessary. I was in a performing arts magnet at my school (I didn't like much of performing arts but I was put in it.) There are two specific incidents from this time that I remember from my time in middle school.

One of them is from 6th grade and one is from the 8th or 7th grade.

6th grade incident:

- When I had still been a part of the performing arts magnet at my school I remember having to perform in a winter solstice dance performance. Now I wasn't one for doing stage acts in front of a live audience cause I had and still have stage fright. I remember it was about the beginning or middle of the performance, this one in particular is probably one that I will never forget but try to forget...

I had once again not been going to the bathroom during the school day breaks and I had to go during the performance but didn't wanna excuse myself just to go and have a better feeling bladder for the performance so I ignored it and while I was waiting in the rafters, dreading to go on next I felt my dance pants start to get wet and realized what was going on. So instead of trying to hold on I just let it go. I guess it wasn't a lot cause I didn't create a puddle but I had a pretty sizeable wrt patch on my front and part of the pants were soaked. My teacher found out when she went back to check on people and got furious with me.

Incident number 2:

- I was in homeroom class, which just happened to be my dance class as well and I was reading one of the books I had brought from home and again I felt the need to go but ignored it until it was too late and just like in third grade my pants began to flow with pee and created a sizeable puddle on the wood floor around me and when it was all said and done I was once again in a rut not wanting to cry in front of everyone but I had been very ashamed of my self that day.

So those are probably the three major incidents. I um hope you enjoyed the retelling of my incidents. Thank you for listening and reading.

*002*2018-01-03 20:43

Thanks. Never really come to terms with these and tried to forget them, but I still do love omorashi, actually those three memories are probably one of the reasons I'm so into it but don't participate in it.

*004*2018-01-03 22:19

{{Just now, Redd said:

I totally understand man. I have tried to forget my earlier accounts as well. They seemed to scar me for many years. I suppose, somehow, they contribute to me having this fetish. But it all seemed negative at the time.

}}

Thanks Redd i appreciate the sentiment I really do. The community here is so accepting that its probably the reason I invest as much of my time here as I do at work or playing games.

*006*2018-01-03 22:24

{{Just now, Redd said:

This community needs solids such as yourself. I know you have been around quite awhile. Everyone is here for a reason and we all have a storied past, some more so than others. Not everyone is able to open up, but I am glad you did. Thank you for doing so.

}}

Welcome, actually it took me a while of thinking to even wanna bring up these memories tbh, If i hadn't done that I would have probably kept them locked away, only to be telling someone who I really trust or maybe my future kids when they had accidents and felt bad about it or something idk.

