Archive: Which Type of Accident is Worse

Author: Arnold

*000*2021-06-18 13:20

I found this on an old computer disk of stories that I've saved. I wish I could remember where this came from, but unfortunately I don't.

Original Author: Unknown

I know that people often debate which kind of accident is the worst to have. It seems to be mostly unanimous amongst most people that it’s worse to mess in your pants than it is to wet them. While I guess it probably feels worse to have a mess in your pants than merely to have wet pants and while I’d have to agree that it’s certainly worse having to clean yourself up after having a messing accident, I still think a wetting accident can sometimes be worse. Unfortunately, I’ve done them both – in my high school years – I can definitely say the wetting accident was a lot worse. In fact, I have to say the wetting accident I had – when I was a junior in high school – was about the most humiliating experience of my entire life.

The thing about messing in your panties – unless it’s diarrhea or something – is something you can hide from other people. I mean, it’s certainly disgusting and all – and I guess it’s pretty shameful when it happens to you in high school – but at least you can keep your classmates from finding out that you did it. And that’s especially true when a girl is wearing a dress as I was when it happened to me. With wetting your pants, though, it just completely soaks not only your underwear but anything else you’re wearing from the waist down and it’s impossible to hide.

The messing happened my freshman year. I was in the school choir and we were performing that day at another school. The bathrooms there were horrible – they didn’t even have any doors on the individual stalls. I suppose it wasn’t too bad cleanliness-wise but I just couldn’t believe that girls actually went to the bathroom like that without any privacy. Somehow, I managed to pee there, but I also had to go #2. That I just decided to hold in until we got back to our own school. Or, I guess I should say, I TRIED to hold it in until we got back. In hindsight, I suppose I could have explained my situation to our choir director and asked for a pit stop on the way home. But I was kind of shy and quiet in high school – especially as a freshman – and I thought that maybe I’d get in trouble for not going before we left.

Well, to make a long story short, I messed in my panties. It was no small mess, either, but fortunately it was a pretty solid type of bowel movement and my panties were able to contain it. And wearing a dress at the time (we always had to dress nice for choir performances), I guess it wasn’t readily obvious that I had a load in my panties, either. There was something of a small, but I guess on a big school bus, it wasn’t readily obvious that the smell was coming from me. I made it all the way back on the bus without anyone else even finding out.

And I guess I was even luckier – getting a ride home from my father that did – that I made it home without him finding out, either. In hindsight, it’s hard to believe how he never smelt anything, but if he did, he never said anything to me about it. But then I guess if he had smelled anything, he wouldn’t have assumed that his high school aged daughter would have messed in her panties like I did. I made it upstairs to my own bathroom – the one I shared with my sister – sneaking in a washcloth and a clean pair of panties with me. Cleaning it up was a bitch – it was a solid movement but it was a lot and it was badly smeared on my rear end by now. It took a lot of wiping to get it all cleaned off of me. By the time I was done I was definitely sorry I hadn’t used one of those toilets – even without stall doors – rather than doing this.

But all things considered, I definitely knew it wasn’t as bad as it could have been. I consider myself extremely lucky that no one else – especially the other kids in school – ever found out what I had done. I started trying to also clean my panties that day, but they were just soiled so badly that I eventually gave up on that. I ended up just flushing them down the toilet instead. I guess I’m also pretty lucky they didn’t get clogged. It certainly would have been a shame if I had made it that far but then got caught because a plumber had to fish my soiled panties out of the toilet.

The time I wet my pants, it was much worse. This was my junior year of high school and it happened in detention. As I said, I was kind of shy and quiet in high school. Consequently, I didn’t get detention often. I started to come out of my shell a bit my junior year and one day a got into a bit of an argument with my English teacher. I ended up being assigned to “double detention.” Now, I did know that bathroom breaks were not allowed during detention and consequently you were expected to use the bathroom beforehand.

What I didn’t know was that “Double Detention” (which I had never gotten before) didn’t mean 2 afternoons of regular 1-hour detention but a singly 2-hour session of detention. Consequently – thinking I only had to stay for 1 hour that day – I didn’t bother to pay a visit to the girls’ room beforehand. If I’d known I had to stay for 2 hours, I would have gone – even though I didn’t really need to at the time – just to be on the safe side. But I had been to the girls’ room just 2 periods earlier and didn’t really have to go at the time so I figured, it was no big deal.

Well, I did have to stay for 2 hours and my decision not to go to the girls’ room beforehand proved to be a fateful one. It was about the last half hour or so that it got really critical – I had to go worse than anything and it was becoming a real struggle to hold it in. I tried to explain my situation to the teacher in charge of detention, but she just insisted that it was my own fault for not going beforehand. I begged her to make an exception to the rules and let me go to the girls’ room, but she just kept telling me “no.”

I kept telling her that it was truly an emergency and I wasn’t going to make it to the end of the 2 hours, but still she wouldn’t relent.

Eventually I just couldn’t hold it in anymore and I wet my pants. It wasn’t so bad that I made a puddle on the floor or anything like that. But it was bad enough that the crotch of my jeans were absolutely soaked and a good bit of it had soaked its way up the back of the seat of the jeans, as well. And there were obviously pee trails down both thighs as well. It certainly wasn’t that a few squirts had escaped my control. It was truly a full-blown pants-wetting accident and I was a junior in high school at the time.

There were only about 7 or 8 other girls present in detention to see it and the hallways were deserted at that late hour as well. So no one else actually saw but a select few. But obviously, news of what I had done didn’t stay secret. By the next day, I was the laughingstock of the whole school. Dealing with actually accident afterwards wasn’t nearly as bad as dealing with the aftermath of my wetting accident. This time it was only a matter of rinsing out my wet clothes and putting them in the washer. But the humiliation of having the whole school find out about it and the teasing that I had to endure because of it were way, way worse. For weeks afterwards, I couldn’t even use the bathroom in school without someone making a sarcastic remark – even applauding sometimes – that they were glad to see that I had learned to use the toilet

