A milestone for me (and a prologue of sorts)

Author: AliasnameTO

*000*2017-11-12 01:44

So, I just had an experience today that might be somewhat tame by the notable activities of a few people on here, but for me it was most thrilling and memorable! I hope you guys think the same.

Background: Living together with a fiance who has indulged me before but is decidedly not into omo, I don't get a lot of chances to participate in the more dramatic desperation and wetting activities. (She'd probably deal if I turned into a total freak about it but I'm not that free-spirited. Oh well) .

One time not too long ago, I decided to be daring and push my personal desperation boundaries on the way home from work. I generally handle my liquids quite well, which makes it annoying to try to get to the perfect level of squirmy. My commute is an hour long, so if I am diligent about drinking water during my shift and leave while moderately having to go, I can get past the lengthy "dull ache" phase into a nice piquant urge by the time I get home. 

But in my first experiment, I might have overshot a little, and seeing as the way I sit in my car makes it almost impossible to pee (I'll get to that later) I was actually in a fair amount of pain. I started to force out dribbles, which is as much as would come out. It began as a mix of comfort and excitement of actually being able to get a little pee in my underwear. But I was feeling ballsy and thought "Screw it, I'll just let out as much as I can." I threw caution to the wind and did just that, dribbling literally as much as would come out of me in the car. The warm trickling felt awesome and gave me a euphoric buzz.

But doing this was not without its downside. Upon getting home, I found that because my uniform is an undershirt, and then a polyester dress shirt tucked into pants (flavor info: I'm a security guard), I had managed to get pee on literally everything I was wearing above the ankles. And it smelled, and I was only able to hide my shenanigans by a feat of imagination, patience, and luck. I told myself I wouldn't be doing that again.

###

Welp, that personal vow didn't last long. :P My fiance recently got a job too, so occasionally our schedules will mean I am home and she isn't. Today was one of those days – I got off work at 3 and she'd be away until 8. I had been reading @Trickling Down's stories about Holly, Zara, and Penny, and love them to pieces. I took the girls' tendency to hold for the feeling of delectable struggle to heart. I wanted to do another hold, a little more intense this time, and not pee myself so much in the car so I can enjoy the pressure at home.

So, in a start representative of a total rookie to holds, I began by *massively* overshooting my desperation target. Today I had the rare treat of a large iced coffee in addition to my two water bottles. I thought I could handle it, and really, really couldn't. It was exciting just to remind myself I do have limits, since I never get so close to them. Anyway, I went to the bathroom several times at work, each time only letting out enough to take the edge off . By the time I was ready to go, I was nearly at the point of involuntarily squirming.

Of course it didn't help that part of my uniform is a thick duty belt with a huge buckle, pressing unforgivingly right on my bladder. The person meant to be relieving me (ha) got stuck behind a train on the way to work, so was about 7 minutes late. That was a fun seven minutes, handling the cars that came up to my gate and acting like I wasn't carrying a rigid water balloon of a bladder. But he eventually did show, so I clocked out and walked stiffly to the car.

I was prepared for the possibilities this time, though. I took off my belt and undid my top-shirt so there was no danger of getting pee on it should the worst occur. It helped a lot, and I was thankful I'd be able to drive safely because of not suffering crippling pee desperation.

Let me tell you though, my window of comfort was not long. About five minutes into the drive, I was right back where I had been before letting out the last portion in the toilet. It wasn't even all my perception to say everyone on the road was being freaking slow! I was bellyaching at traffic about five times more than normal, but it was also genuinely denser and more full of people who don't care about being paraplegic tortoises on major thoroughfares. I was unable to go as fast as I usually do on the day I badly wanted to. That meant cursing, groaning, whimpering, commenting constantly, and definitely squirming/crotch kneading, generally making a show of it because I was in the car by myself. And I've literally never had to go like this in my life. Part of me wishes someone who were into it actually was there to witness.

As I mentioned in the background portion, something about sitting down, and my car posture in particular means my bladder is all but locked, so every bit of pee filling me up had nowhere to go but up. It was bad. I was in such pain. I started by relaxing just a little, which brought a drop into my urethra, but there it stayed. I had to lift my butt up and really concentrate to squeeze out dribbles like last time. I promised myself it wouldn't turn into another disaster, if only because I wanted to make it home to enjoy the whole stunt properly. It did help the sharpness to let some out, and I made sure only to do enough so that it just began to show on my pants.

I'm proud to say for the most part I kept to that. I did end up dribbling a bit more, but held the fabric of my pants out so that my boxer briefs took the worst of it, and the existing spot on the outside began to dry. (polyester is amazing at drying off quickly.) At one point I got a little more than I bargained for. Instead of a tiny trickle, my underwear caught a moderate stream, enough to make my thigh distinctly warm. By now I still enjoyed the whole thing, but the intensity was beginning to get to me, and the terrible slowness of traffic continued! I can stress that it wasn't the density of traffic that was so bad; the amount of cars on the road wasn't much above normal.

But everyone and everything seemed to be against my getting home. Even in the parking lot of my complex was a huge truck and trailer that I had to maneuver around, at a desperation level I'd confidently put at a 9. At some point I said something like "Okay, I'm ready to be done now. This is so bad." It was agony. Exquisite agony, but truly grueling all the same.

I kept things still well under control pulling in to park, and had the idea to take my boots and socks off should I have overestimated my ability to hold it while standing up (considerably harder for me than sitting down) and have a genuine accident next to my car. I leaned forward to unfasten the first one and was hit by a piercing pain in my bladder. Not good. But I did the other one more carefully and it didn't happen that time. I left all my stuff in the car (save my boots because they weren't hard to carry), and did an extremely stiff speed-walk to my door.

Inside, I was not out of the woods yet, but knew I had accomplished my mission of getting properly desperate. My hands trembled, I was unable to keep still at all, and could hardly think straight. Drowning out every other thought was megaphone that shouted at me to fucking pee! As desperate as I was at this point, I'll agree again with the trio of fictional sisters I kept thinking about the whole time. The feeling was extraordinary.

The plan at this point was to take off my uniform stuff, leave my underwear on, and see if I couldn't let go in the shower. Most times I've tried to wet myself have gone pretty poorly. Even standing, I have trouble getting anything more than little dribbles unless I'm completely relaxed, aka going unceremoniously in the toilet. As luck would have it, there's no shower on the first floor. That meant climbing the stairs. I left everything at the entrance and climbed the stairs in my undershirt and boxer-briefs, surprisingly in control considering the minor exertion.

When I finally got in the shower, I continued to hold myself with one hand, mostly because I felt like I was desperate enough I could pee anyway, which I was correct. to use a phrase Kozmo is fond of, my bladder dropped. Instant full stream, covering my crotch and streaming down both legs. I was spasming and peeing so hard, for longer than I expected. I was on cloud nine.

Because my pee was so dilute from all I had drunk (and I only peed essentially one clothing item) cleanup was a breeze. A quick rinse and a toss of my underwear in the laundry and I was home free. I actually let out more in the toilet, and then took a well-deserved nap. What surprised me was waking up desperate again, I guess from the above-average exertion of earlier. It has been a grand desperate, wet day.

Thanks for reading. <33

*003*2017-11-13 14:24

{{On November 12, 2017 at 1:10 AM, Trickling Down said:

I wasn't expecting to be mentioned on someone else's topic! Anyway, this must have felt very good for you :)

}}

Credit where it's due. Your writing definitely influenced my motivation for the whole experience, so you deserved a nod. :D It did feel really good and I hope to do something similar in the near future. Maybe continue to hold it at home until I genuinely lose all control. Would be nice to check that box of omo-fandom.

