Bladder Challenge

Author: SweetCat1046

*000*2016-06-28 08:54

It was a Monday afternoon and I felt in the mood to do some holding. I grabbed a water bottle from the cupboard and went into my room. Before that I first went and emptied my bladder. I started by drinking 200ml of my 600ml water bottle. Already feeling the water going down my throat. Afterwards I wanted for 10 minutes, wandering what to do. I decided to sit and read, while thinking about being desperate. After the 10 minutes I finished drinking the remaining water in my bottle, which was about 400ml. I took big gulps of water but still not going to fast. This took me about 5 minutes.

I waited 5 minutes, to let it set in. During that time I began to feel it a bit more in my bladder. I squirmed just a tiny bit, acting how I would be when I reached a 6 or 7 on the scale. Once the 5 minutes were done I did 15 jumping jacks. I did not really feel much during it, I then waited another 5 minutes before drinking another 200ml of a new 600ml water bottle. While drinking I felt myself shoot from 2 to 4, as I had small bladder. I then did 10 squats before waiting another 5 minutes. While waiting I felt myself get a little less desperate which made me sad.

After the 5 minutes I began to drink the rest of my second water bottle but a bit slower as I started to feel it increase from 4 to about 5 ½ . Just as I was about 2 big gulps away I felt it increase to 6 or 7, feeling it in my lower half. I finished and then ate 5 saltine crackers to make sure I had some form of sodium in me. While eating I squirmed, rubbing my thighs together. I then realized I was now about a 7 ½ or 8, due to my squirm but no need for holding.

Afterwards I did 10 sit ups, hearing my bladder and getting desperate during it. I then did 15 jumping jacks. While doing it I leaked a little, stopping me. I then continued, praying I wouldn’t pee right there. I decided to make it harder by watching a video that would make people want to pee. I watched it at least 3 times. During the second one was when I moved from 8 to 9, holding my legs tight together but not crossed. I also wasn’t holding.

The next part was uncrossing my legs for 1 minute intervals. (Uncross, Cross, Uncross, etc.) for 10 minutes. But I made it so I could only hold myself for a maximum of 15 seconds per interval. I first started with uncrossed and felt the pressure down there. When I uncrossed my legs for the third minute I felt an increase in need. Halfway through I thought I wouldn’t make it to the end. I decided to actually go and hold during my last two minutes. I then chugged about another 200ml but this time it was soft drink.

I was almost exploding but I decided to do two things that could make me burst. The first was jog in the spot for 30 seconds. The second was harder, as I has to attempt the splits for 20 second WITH NO HOLDING. The first one I did easily, somehow but the second seemed much harder. While doing the splits I had spurted a bit, making me tense up but I managed somehow. I then decided to wait for 5 minutes, giving me the chance to do whatever to hold.

I looked down at my bladder that was bulging out A LOT, rubbing it a bit. After the 5 minutes I put some pressure on my bladder for 15 seconds, really wanting to pee. The next thing was going to be challenging as I had to sit on the toilet with my underwear on for a FULL MINUTE. During it I did not pee but the need to increase. I was practically bursting, crossing my legs with one hand holding. The finally thing was jumping jacks. 15 JUMPING JACKS. I knew that I would spurt before finishing the first one.

I did my first and was semi-fine before my second and third as I leaked a bit. I soon spurt around my fifth before I let a huge spurt out that went through my underwear and pants. I immediately stop but knew I had to continue. I knew that the pleasure of peeing would soon happen. Especially in my clothes. Just as I open my leg at the ninth one I started spurting, it wouldn’t stop until I put one hand to stop it. I had stopped it so I continued doing the jumping jacks. But before I could I was bent over with both of my hands in my crouch. I realized I reached my limit and that if I moved I would pee.

I tried my best to hold it before I felt warm pee start to come out, soaking my underwear and hands as I started peeing intensely. Feeling my clothes get wet along with how fast the pee was coming out. I stood like that for a full minute before I felt my knees hit the ground, with me sitting in my own puddle of pee. I just panted at how intense it was before removing my hand from my crouch and begin to clean up.

So did you find my wetting experience? I tried to type it to the best of my abilities but if there any grammar or spelling mistakes please tell me. If you also wanna do something similar I will be putting the steps below, also I did not make this up as I got this from omo-goodness (On tumblr) but changed it a bit and left some out due to my small bladder. Thanks Omo-goodness for this so here are the steps:

1.Empty your bladder, you are going to need it.

2.Drink 8oz of water.

3.Wait 10 minutes.

4.Drink 16oz of water(take as much time as you need)

5.Wait 5 minutes.

6.Do 15 jumping jacks

7.Wait 5 minutes.

8.Drink 8 oz of water

9.Do 10 squats

10.Wait 5 minutes

10.drink 16oz of water(take as much time as you need)

11.Ingest a form of sodium(ex: 5 saltine crackers)

12.Do 10 curl-ups or Sit-ups

13.Do 15 jumping jacks.

14.Listen to running water for 5 minutes.

15.Uncross your legs for 1 minute intervals (uncross,cross,uncross,etc) for 10 minutes. While your legs are crossed you cant hold yourself. While they are uncross you can hold yourself for a maximum of 15 seconds per interval.

11.Chug 8oz of water.

12.Jog in place for thirty seconds.

13.Split as far as you can for 20 seconds(NO HOLDING YOURSELF)

14.Wait 5 minutes(do whatever you need to hold in your pee)

15.Push on your bladder for 15 seconds.

16.Sit on the toilet fully clothed for 1 minute.

17.Drink 16oz of water.

18.Wait 5 minutes while sitting fully clothed on the toilet.

19.ingest sodium.

20.Do 15 curl-ups or sit-ups

21. jog in place for 1 minute

22.Do 15 jumping jacks

23.Uncross your legs for 2 minute intervals then cross for 30 second intervals (uncross,cross,uncross,etc) for 5 minutes. While your legs are crossed you cant hold yourself. While they are uncross you can hold yourself for a maximum of 10 seconds per interval.

24.Push against your bladder for 30 seconds.

25.Sit in squat position for 30 seconds. 26.Relax all your muscles for 10 seconds NO HOLDING OR CROSSING YOUR LEGS.

27.If you completed all steps in order without cheating all you have to do is wait 5 minutes and you are free. If you skipped one or cheated you must do that one twice and wait 30 minutes.

