A Diary of Omorashi Witnesses/Experiences

Author: Michelley

*000*2017-09-30 17:15

I've written down all the omorashi/pee experiences and witnesses I can remember in my life. My memory's fuzzy, but if you have questions about a specific story, please ask.

Male / Peeing

One of the only memories I have of my first school is a friend I had there. I don't know how I met him, but on the playground he would often drink from one of those water dispensers/sinks on the wall where you put your mouth under the opening. Then he'd ask me to follow him to a secluded area of the playground where he'd pull his thing out and pee for five seconds - down a drain or in the flower bed. Then he'd go back and repeat the process until he couldn't go anymore and asked me to see him again tomorrow. I don't think he (or I) understood that water doesn't go through your body immediately.

Female / Wetting

Then, in another school (we were about 10), we were sat down on those plastic chairs with the dips in them. I think we were watching a children's cartoon or something, and a blonde-haired girl asked if she could go to the toilet, however someone else was already in there. It took about a minute for them to finish, and she walked out clenching the lower part of her butt through her long skirt - but it was long enough that there was actually a small pool of urine in her seat. The teachers weren't the only ones who noticed this.

Male / Peeing

The same school had its own swimming pool - with changing rooms of course, but there weren't any cubicles. Instead, everyone of the same gender had to change in front of each other in a large room, and there were no locks on the doors. We were less than 13 years old, but I wonder how ethical this actually is.

One lesson, when most of us had stripped nude and were rummaging through our kits for our trunks, one kid turned to face the drain in the middle, pointed his dick and started peeing into it. The teacher guarding the door (who didn't change) was like "no no no!" and walked over to him. His stream slowed to a halt in a second, and they pulled him out, still naked, to the single toilet in the actual pool area. Stopping mid-stream is hard though, and with his age, I wouldn't be surprised if he leaked or peed along the way. And if he hadn't stopped peeing, how would they stop him anyway?

Male / Desperation

So, in yet another school (hopefully the last), I got into a habit of holding my pee the whole day - both because of this fetish and for the sake of convenience, since most people had to be escorted to the bathrooms by staff (it's a special needs school) and they were usually a mess anyway. I'd recently got a new uniform and the trousers were particularly tight, which made holding it painful. Whenever I held, I'd cross my legs - not just because it feels better, but to see if anyone would notice - nobody did.

There wasn't even an urge to pee anymore - just a pain like my bladder would split if there was any more pressure. I picked up the courage to ask to go to the bathroom during class and was given the thumbs up. I walked through the hall slowly, trying not to make my clothes dig in any further, made it to the boys' and into a stall, pulled everything down, and sat. Nothing happened for a few seconds and I began to worry, before it started trickling out slowly, becoming a bigger stream as I felt like doing an exaggerated sigh of relief for effect. I came out a minute or so later, and decided to explain what happened to the staff member who'd stood in front of the door while I went. They told my parents (they asked but I knew they'd do it anyway) - who weren't very happy that I held it in school.

But telling them was a good idea - I actually couldn't feel my bladder for weeks after that, but they said that it was normal if you held for too long.

Female / Wetting

I have told this story before, but one day in the same class, my ex-girlfriend asked to use the bathroom. The teacher denied her, presumably until the PowerPoint presentation was over. She was a little distraught, but remained mostly calm before asking again 5 minutes later, to which the teacher said yes. She walked out the door and through the hall towards the bathroom downstairs. She then came back a few minutes later accompanied by a teacher - and she (not the teacher) was soaked from the crotch area of her grey trousers. An annoyed look on her face, she grabbed her bags and left, and I didn't see her until tomorrow. I wonder what happened to make her have an accident so close to relief.

Male / Desperation

Being shy to ask, as well as having a bit of pride as the kid who wasn't often seen going to the bathroom (people took notice when a student used the bathroom often, so why not the opposite), backed me into a few more corners. This time, I managed to hold it until the art lesson. It was near the end of the day so I thought I'd be able to hold it until I got home. It got worse and this expectation became 'after the lesson,' then 'after the introduction...' I sat at the table and strained tensely to keep my sphinctor closed without holding myself.

Another minute and I couldn't make sense of what the teacher was saying anymore. Everything was a blur and the only words in my mind was my bladder screaming at me to pee now. I gave in and panicked, looking around to remember if there was any nearby toilet I could run to without people thinking I was escaping the lesson. The only one was the young children's, which we were warned not to use because it was particularly dirty in there. I doubt that if I asked the member of staff standing at the door, that they'd let me go during an introduction. I asked anyway, and they did - thank god! We made our way to another building on the site and knocked on the door since only one person was allowed to occupy a bathroom at once.

Someone responded. Oh please no. I retreated away from the door and stood there bouncing up and down - a bit embarassing, but they already knew my habit of holding it. After taking longer than it should take for someone to relieve themself, the person came out and I ran in for the left stall. It felt like everything was ready to come out as I approached the toilet... Blocked. As always happens, someone thought they'd get enjoyment out of putting loads of tissue in the loo so it'd flood the next time it automatically flushed.

My body shuddered as I hopped out of the stall, then bent over between it and the next stall squeezing myself in my pants. If this one was blocked too, I didn't know what I'd do - I hadn't used a urinal before. Luckily, it wasn't, and I rushed my trousers and boxers down before sitting down and letting loose a desperate stream. I breathed heavily and hadn't even locked the stall in urgent panic - not like anyone would come in. The extent I went to follow dumb rules was dumb in itself.

