Partial accident in a thrift store

Author: charlee

*000*2018-11-09 20:45

Hey guys, this is my first post here, and it’s one of my only public experiences! (though i would like to have more lol)

So i wanted to try and hold in public and i had to run a few errands, so i decided to throw on a pair of black leggings and a sweatshirt and run around for the day. when i left the house i was probably at like a 7/10, so i figured i could do my errands, and make it home. i’d be desperate, but i figured i’d make it.

I went to the grocery store first, and i was pretty okay for the first 20 minutes. i didn’t really need to move around too much, i could just feel the pressure on my bladder.

Around 25 minutes i started getting pretty desperate, and my need jumped up to like an 8/10. i couldn’t stand normally any longer, but i didn’t want to hold myself or anything noticeable, so i just crossed my legs when the urge got too bad. i got a huge urge that i was trying really hard to hold back, but bc i couldn’t hold myself i leaked a little. i could feel myself getting hot w embarrassment but i knew nobody could tell, so i decided to check out and leave.

I made it through the line and out to my car fine, but i didn’t want to give up yet.

I decided to hit up the thrift store even though it was in the opposite direction of my house. i figured i could find a couple of light colored things to wet in, since most of the clothes i own are black.

I went inside and i could tell that i had to hurry. i could feel the pee inside me trying to get out with every step. so i grabbed a few things a little frantically. i kept having to stop and cross my legs so i wouldn’t leak more.

I was starting to sweat and shake at this point, and i knew i would have to go soon or i would make a mess in the store.

So i gathered my clothes and waited in line. of course there was only one other person in front of me, but it felt like it was taking forever. i pretty much had my legs permanently glued together, and i think the people behind me noticed that i was acting weird.

Anyway, i was almost thought my transaction and i was paying when a huge urge came over me. i couldn’t hold myself so i squeezed my legs together as hard has i could. my legs wouldn’t stop shaking, and no matter how hard i squeezed them, couldn’t stop the huge leak that burst out of me.

I could feel it rub down my legs, and it must’ve been visible, because the people behind me went “ewww!”

I finished paying as soon as i could and walked as calmly as possible to my car.

I was afraid to sit in my car, and i genuinely thought i was going to have an accident in the parking lot.

I managed to get back control, and drive home without leaking anymore.

I finally made it to my door, unlocked it, and made it up the stairs, pausing every other step to hold myself.

By the time i got to the bathroom, i couldn’t hold it another second and i ran into the bathtub. i burst the second i got one foot into the tub, and it felt amazing.

I peed for like a minute straight, still embarrassed that i almost wet myself in public.

Anyway, it was a great time, and i really want to do it again!

