Holding in bed

Author: DyingToPee483

*000*2020-08-30 15:59

I very stupidly drank half of my water bottle before bed, and I felt it gathering in my bladder. I debated whether I should get out of bed to pee, or hold it in. I saw that I still had the other half of my water bottle left, so I decided to have some fun. I decided I would only pee in the bottle, which meant I had to finish all of it before I could relieve myself. I opened up omorashi.org and started reading some stories, taking little sips from my water bottle. My bladder was pleasantly full and I planned to savor the sensation. After a few sips, my desire to pee got a little stronger, but I kept drinking. 

I felt the pressure in my bladder increase with every sip. At a certain point, it felt so uncomfortable to have this much liquid in my body that I couldn’t bear to drink any more water. I had to pee so bad. I started fantasizing about relieving myself and letting the warm pee rush through my urethra. I imagined peeing in the woods, and the sound of my pee hitting the dirt. I imagined peeing in an alleyway and watching a puddle form around my feet. I was absolutely bursting for a piss, but I was determined to hold it in. I continued browsing omo.org, clenching my urethra in sympathy with the person who got stuck in traffic while holding in a 32 ounce cup of coffee, but also to hold back the enormous mass of pee in my abdomen.

I was dying for a piss, and my bladder was as hard as a fucking rock. So... much... pee, I thought to myself. All I could think about was pee. Pee, pee, pee, pee, pee, pee. My bladder was begging for release and my urethra felt like a dam ready to burst. I don’t think I can hold it much longer, I thought to myself. I looked over at my water bottle. I was almost finished with it; I just had about 200 ml of water left to drink. Nooo, I thought to myself, I couldn’t possibly fit any more liquid inside my bladder; it was already so full. It felt like my entire lower body was made of solid pee. I was absolutely dying for a piss, and I needed to go soon. 

I took a deep breath and chugged the rest of my water. Not so fast, I thought to myself, I just have to do one more thing before I can empty my bladder. So here I am writing about how desperate I am, and thinking of different ways to describe how full my bladder is. I’m already starting to feel the water trickle down into my uncomfortably full bladder. I’m struggling to hold back all this pee, and I feel like I’m going to fucking explode. Fuck, I have to pee so bad. It’s getting so hard to hold it in. There’s so much pressure in my bladder that it’s starting to hurt. I guess I should pee now before I damage my bladder.

Unable to hold it any longer, I grabbed my water bottle, took off the cap, walked to the bathroom and stood in the tub (just in case I spill), and pressed the opening against my genitals. Finally, I let loose and torrent of pee and head the sound of it filling up the bottle. I let out a sigh of relief as the contents of my bladder rushed out of my urethra. Oh god, that was amazing. I just filled my entire 750 ml water bottle. Not bad.

