Just an accident / Wife surprised by bedwetting

Author: Osty

*000*2019-07-22 01:40

Some of my earliest “sexual” memories were of girls wetting their pants or the bed by accident. The very thought of it thrilled me. Throughout adolescence and adulthood I have fantasized at length about women losing control of their bladders AND of losing control myself in front of them.

As a young adult I married a beautiful young woman whom I love, but have never shared these thoughts with her. Every once in a while I would catch her desperate but she always seemed to make it, leaving me deflated. To my knowledge she has never wet the bed.

I don’t think I’ve wet my own pants since kindergarten and my nighttime bladder has a good record too, but not perfect. Once at 16 I woke up very wet – I was mortified. On my honeymoon I woke up just as I was beginning to pee. In fact I’ve had a handful of these incidents where I wake up just as the dam bursts. The damage is usually limited to my underwear and pajamas and I only remember telling my wife once when a few drops made it down to the sheets.

My luck changed 6 months ago when I unexpectedly woke up in a wet hotel bed. I thought I might have to come clean with the staff but fortunately the damage wasn’t too bad. But as I drove home I noticed a constant urge to pee which seemed like just the type of thing that could lead to another midnight sailing session. When I got home I bought a mattress protector and shared with my wife that it was possible we would both wake up together in a puddle of my own making. She was amused, but also concerned for my health and happy that I bought protection. I didn’t end up having an accident that night and the urge went away, but the thought occurred to me that the protection might come in handy later.

Fast forward several months and due to a minor health crisis my doctor instructed me to drink more water. My wife wholeheartedly embraced this advice on my behalf but I initially ignored it. (Yes, ladies – I know) It wasn’t until later that I connected the dots that this might be an opportunity to live out one of my deepest fantasies while mostly saving face.

So I announced to my wife that I was going to take the doctor’s advice and drink more water. I told her that I had also read that being well hydrated at night could help you sleep better and that I was going to give it a go. She was pleased.

I pounded waters up to the moment we went to bed. We had sex and in the afterglow I joked that I was VERY well hydrated and hoped I’d be OK. It came across as a harmless, funny joke between us as we exchanged knowing looks. She told me that since I had already bought “bedwetter’s insurance” the worst that could happen was I would pee the bed and we would both get wet. In her mind neither of us expected it to really happen. We fell asleep.

I woke up with a full bladder at 1am. I went into the bathroom and decided this was it. I’d drink more water, get under the covers, and wouldn’t come out again until I had my “accident”. The anticipation was exciting and arousing. I decided to lay on my back. I turned my “member” towards my wife who was also on her back 4 inches away. By 1:50 I couldn’t hold it anymore.

I started to pee. I peed, and I peed, and I peed some more. I could hear a very faint tinkling sound as it ran over my hip and poured into the narrow gap between us. It felt so, so good. I was super aware of every sensation. Since there was protection on the bed there wasn’t anywhere for it to go. It pooled between us then spread out underneath us. I initially wanted her to discover me on her own so I laid there quietly for several minutes. More urine built up so I peed again. A few minutes later I did some more. I could feel that I was absolutely soaked and guessed she was as well.

I couldn’t take the suspense any longer. I reached over and nudged her. I started with a little routine that we share from time to time. “Honey – There’s nothing I could do that would make you stop loving me, is there?”. Beginning to wake up and playing along she responded, “No, of course not.” ME: <deep breath> “I think I wet the bed…. It’s bad.”

At this point my wife went through 3 phases. The first was panic. “WELL GET UP THEN before we BOTH get wet!” She didn’t yet realize that she was ALREADY hopelessly saturated. Once we got up we found that the wet spot we had both been lying in spanned from our shoulder blades to our knees. She was wearing a cute new bedtime dress with panties and tight shorts underneath. All of it was completely soaked in back and I was soaked all over.

The second phase was being a bit grossed out. She ran into the shower to strip off her clothes while I turned my attention toward the bed and myself. She wasn’t mad, but she clearly wasn’t happy either. I went into the bathroom and apologized that I was VERY sorry. She calmed down as I took her clothes, my clothes, and all of our bedding down to the washer.

When I came back she was to phase three: sweet and understanding. We put new sheets on the bed and put on different night clothes (interestingly neither of us showered first). Then we went back to bed and talked about it. She thought it was funny now. I made her laugh by telling her an admittedly made up story about how I had dreamed we were on a bus in a foreign country. We knew there was supposed to be a bathroom in the back but had a hard time finding it. When we finally did I started to pee and pee and pee but didn’t feel any relief at all. Then all of the sudden after what seemed like forever I DID start feeling relief. I told her that it felt so good. When I finished up peeing <in the alleged dream> we went about our business together a while longer before I left the dream and woke up with her in a small body of water. This was all just a good story of course but she laughed until she cried as I held her in my arms. Eventually we fell back to sleep.

The whole affair has sparked deep arousal and passion in me whenever I think about it and has also reinforced my love for my wife. My only regret is not feeling free to be more truthful with her. I texted her a cute message the next day thanking her for being so sweet with me the night before with some emojis and gifs that clearly alluded to my bedwetting episode. She laughed and replied that it was really just an accident. Here’s to many more.

*002*2019-07-26 21:18

Thank you Helena for your thoughtful reply! Given your difficult choice to be transparent with your husband you seem to have the authority to challenge others to do the same. I appreciate your perspective and envy this permission to have the occasional pee “accident” in your pants/bed without deception on the one hand or judgement on the other. If I could get there without risk I’d do it in a second but that’s not how real life works, is it?

