Mall Desperation Adventure

Author: countessofstar

*000*2022-01-08 08:57

I have a lot of wetting adventures, but normally once I'm finished for the day, I'm exhausted and it's hard to write them out. But I thought I'd try to write out at least one, while it's a bit fresh in my mind. This happened a little less than a month ago.

I love being controlled and dominated in general. Giving up control means I don’t have to think or make many choices. All the responsibilities of daily life melt away and are replaced with obedience and giving into someone else’s power. Whenever I hold, having someone to help control the hold makes it so much better. The “he” in this story refers to someone who I let control my holds from time to time, through the internet.

The control started with my outfit. My favorite outfit to see get soaked is a pair of light grey leggings (a very popular opinion around here, it seems). But since this was a public desperation day, my dom had mercy on me. On went a warm sweater, a mini black circle skirt, some boots, a long jacket, and a pair of black tights. Underneath were a pair of black panties and a cream and black lacy bra.

Getting to the point of extreme desperation takes me a few hours. For that reason, I waited until I was at about a 6/10 on the desperation scale to leave the house. On my way out, extra water bottle and red Gatorade in tow, I was told to grab a shot glass. What was that for? Who knows, but I’m obedient, so the shot glass went into my jacket pocket and I was off to the bus stop.

The bus ride was about 30 minutes to the outdoor mall near me. My desperation rose over that time, and each jostle of the bus reminded me of the fact that my bladder was filling up and staying full for as long as today’s challenge lasted. At one point, the bus driver finished his shift, and we all had to wait for the next driver to arrive and start driving again. It took a few extra minutes, but eventually we got going and I made it to my stop 40 minutes later.

My arrival at the mall meant my rules were now in effect.

The rules were as follows:

1. The most important rule, no leaking. Leaks were unacceptable - I needed to prove I could hold it - and any leak would mean an immediate change into dry clothes to try again.

2. No using my hands to hold. No touching my crotch at all, especially since I’d be in public. Such an action is a clear sign that someone has to pee, and it’s important that I not telegraph my desperation and draw attention to myself.

3. No crossing my legs. Crossing my legs is something that often prolongs a hold and helps me keep control for longer. And that day was supposed to be a challenge, so “no crossing legs” added to the difficulty.

Rule number one was of utmost importance. The latter two rules could be broken if and only if I was in immediate danger of breaking rule number one. And if I broke rule number one…well, that would be a sign that I’d need to get to a bathroom ASAP.

I also had a few things to purchase that day at the mall: some thigh highs, and a new water bottle.

The only way to get some sort of relief, I was told, was to either a. complete a challenge he assigned to me or b. obtain one of the items from my list.

Heading to the mall at a 6/10 meant that once I arrived, I was already at a 7/10. For me, this means that my need to pee is at the forefront of my mind, but focusing on other things and acting normal is still possible if necessary. Heading into my first clothing store, I assumed it would be easy to hold until I found the socks I was looking for. But as I walked in, the man controlling my hold let me know that I had to get a coffee or tea before starting my search.

Okay, then, coffee shop it was. The mocha warmed my hands - a welcome feature on a cold day. But it was also caffeinated. Caffeine is a bladder irritant and it also just makes me antsy in general. The only times I’ve had a genuine loss of control, either caffeine or alcohol were involved. Since they didn’t allow food or drink in the clothing store (hmmm, seems as though he set me up this way) I had to either finish the full drink quickly before going in, or take my time drinking and let my desperation build. I chose the first option, gulping it down and entering the store.

The caffeine-to-bladder pipeline was shorter than usual. My 7/10 desperation stepped up to an 8/10. Now every other thought in my head was my urgent need to pee. Yes, the store still existed - it was not so urgent that everything else melted away. But the surrounding world blurred and warped along as priority shifted from “look for socks” to “look for a bathroom.” There was no point in looking for a bathroom, however, without looking for my knee highs first. If I asked for any relief before finding the socks, it meant I’d have to complete a challenge. And who knows if that challenge would be a breeze or if it would lead to me helplessly leaking into my tights sooner than assumed.

This store had leggings, tights, and all kinds of socks…except thigh highs. At least, I didn’t think they had them. What was I looking for again? What did I even need these socks for? Again, my thoughts blurred and twisted together, only coming back together to remind me “you need to pee.” Not seeing any thigh highs, I ended up snagging pair of athletic slides I needed. Waiting in line to buy them was challenging, as my bladder was feeling fuller and fuller by the second. The coffee had worked its way through. And the need for relief hit all at once.

I said as much, and he told me that if I needed relief, he would let me have some. I readily agreed, he told me to go to this store's bathroom. The back of the store came into view, the restroom within eyeshot. But a yellow sign hung over the open door, the classic omo trope: Bathroom closed for cleaning. Shit.

Head empty of everything except the tugging need for relief - the store next to this has a bathroom - get there - quick - don’t think - don’t think too hard about it - just rush.

The back of the next store had an elevator leading up to their bathrooms. The elevator creaked as I got in, and the button didn’t respond when pressed at first. I pressed it again, the button lit up, then turned off again. I mashed the button then (everyone does it, admit it, even though it doesn’t make the elevator close any faster). The doors rumbled closed and the "floor up" button still failed me despite pressing it about 20 times in a row. This wasn’t going fast enough, and panic started to course through me. Was there another store nearby? Maybe that would be faster than this somehow. In hindsight, it was stupid to give up on this store’s bathroom when it’s so close. 

I could’ve taken the stairs. But I was in full stupid mode due to my bulging, weakening bladder. Rational thought went out the window. I pressed the "door open" button, and my stomach dropped when it didn’t light up. Pushed it again - still no response from the button. Nothing was happening, the elevator was not moving. And a vision flashed through my head: myself stuck in there, elevator broken down, wetting myself completely. As quickly as tears started to form and my mind began preparing itself for the ultimate humiliation of standing in a puddle of my own urine, the elevator door suddenly opened again.

The journey to the third store is blocked out of my memory because none of my thoughts were productive or worth remembering. Every cell of my being screamed “Don’t wet yourself! Don’t wet yourself!” over and over as I made my way to this store’s bathrooms.

Two women stood ahead of me in front of 2 all-gender restrooms. One was squirming slightly, while the other showed no obvious signs of desperation. In the wait for the line, it would’ve been socially acceptable to hold a hand to my crotch or cross my legs. But that was against the rules, so I kept my legs slightly parted and tried to act unbothered by the wait. Finally, relief was in my reach as I entered the bathroom.

He told me to take out the shot glass, pull down my tights and underwear, and pee into it. I was to fill the shot glass once, stop the flow completely, then dump it out. Then, do those same actions a second time. If a third shot glass of relief was needed, however, filling it up would come with a price. The first two shot glasses felt so good to let out, that I begged for a third. Knowing that it would cost me and I’d have to do three challenges total, I pissed a third shot glass’ worth and poured it into the toilet.

As a counterpoint to these bits of relief, he assigned 3 challenges to be completed before he'd allow me any more relief. 1. Wash my hands, nice and slow. 2. Go to another store and ask someone where the nearest restroom was 3. Finish the gatorade I’d brought. The first two seemed difficult, but survivable. The third, however, meant drinking a lot more liquid. Was it worth it, just to have filled up that third and final shot glass? Or would I pay for my greed once this liquid hit my bladder? Only time would tell. I washed my hands and the shot glass thoroughly, despite the wave of desperation crashing through my aching bladder. Challenge one completed. Onto the next.

As I walked to another clothing store to search for the thigh highs, the Gatorade slowly dwindled down. Wandering through the store, my search for these socks began to feel a little silly. Do stores even sell thigh highs anymore? But- oh, I found them - the thigh highs! Unfortunately, a huge line of people was between me and the next relief. Waiting behind the 6 or so people ahead felt impossible, especially as a few of them had lengthy returns to process. While checking out, it was the perfect opportunity to ask where the nearest bathroom was. The cashier told me it was outside and to the right, a while down the corridor. Challenge two, completed.

Next, I was told to take a detour to Victoria's Secret and try on some bras. Back at a 9/10 and a nearly empty-gatorade, trying on a few bras and then leaving Victoria’s Secret without a leak would be impossible, even on a non-busy day. The dressing room today had a line several people deep (women wanting to impress their partners for the holidays with sexy lingerie, it seemed). Because I had picked up the pace with the Gatorade and it was now completely gone (Challenge three, done), I was allowed to forfeit this excursion and find the bathroom. The catch? I couldn’t go to the nearest bathroom, and I was not allowed to re-enter a bathroom I had already been in that day.

In my desperate state, the mall felt like a hellish labyrinth, signs pointing in all directions, and the restrooms were not clearly marked due to some construction in the area. Escalators, stairs, long pathways, detours...then a sign in front of the restrooms once they were finally within view: Bathrooms closed due to construction. That day, my luck with bathrooms was laughably bad to the point of seeming surreal.

I then had to go try to find another bathroom. This next one was another single room, with 5 people ahead of me. The woman ahead of me was clearly desperate and people were taking quite a long time. While in the line for the bathroom here, I thought I’d lose control. My brain was no longer processing the details of other peoples’ faces, only their general shapes. Even reading my instructions on the screen was hard, but I was able to understand this much: I was allowed to release one more shot glass worth of relief, but as a consequence, I had to do 1 challenge in the bookstore. My challenge was to ask a staff member where to find a specific book. 

Out of respect for the bookstore employee not being exposed to my kink, I steeled myself and kept a straight face while asking where I could find it. That challenge was completed successfully. Victorious over every challenge so far, I let my guard down a bit. I was impressed with myself and how much easier it was to hold in public. Then a mocking wave of desperation came over me, so strong it made me whimper. Being in the quiet of the bookstore made the need to go crash even louder inside my head. A stinging sense of panic poked at my bladder. As I slid the book back into its place, a leak escaped into my panties. The wetness remained contained in their gusset, but I confessed to the man controlling my hold that I had broken the first rule.

There was no punishment for this rule break, exactly, but wet panties were still unacceptable to be wearing in public. I was told to change into a dry pair of panties. in the bookstore’s bathroom. Being naked from the waist down, right next to the toilet, was excruciating. But I endured the strain on my bladder and pulled up my tights over my newly-replaced, dry panties. I was also allowed another relief at this time. This didn’t help my desperation at all. I was now so past the edge of “I need to go badly” that a small release couldn’t even touch my desperation. As expected, as a consequence of this (unsatisfying, unhelpful) relief, I had to do another challenge: I had to find dice and cards section on my own, without an employee’s help. Upon arrival at the appropriate section, my brain somehow associated "finding what I was looking for" with "immediate relief, you can pee now!"

The area between my legs instantly flipped from dry, to a hot wetness as a large leak shot into my panties and dampened my tights. Oh…oh god. My mini skirt was long enough to cover up the effects of this leak, but any more wetness and I was in danger of walking out of this store with darkened tights and tears streaming down my face.

Due to the disaster that was about to ensue, I was told that I was allowed to release my entire bladder in the toilet. But with one final catch: I had to make it to the bathroom all the way down the outdoor corridor at the mall.

There was no time to stop and think, to weigh whether or not I would make it, to ask if I could have one more relief before trying to reach the final bathroom. Instead, I was out of the bookstore before I knew it. The air whipped against me as I speed-walked, making me shiver with cold as well as extreme determination to make it to the bathroom. I was almost there, and then…you know those dreams where you’re trying to run, but it feels like you’re trapped in a thick goo and you can barely move forward? That’s how the world felt - slow motion, like any traction I had against completely soaking myself was slipping from my grasp. 

My clenching muscles relaxed so subtly that it was practically imperceptible - imperceptible, that is, until a thin stream trickled into my panties and slicked my inner thighs. To my horror, the tiny flow evolved into short, strong gushes. My hand flew to my crotch and I pleaded with my bladder to hold on just a few steps further. My bladder refused, and just continued its gradual leaking. I have no idea who could see me - I wasn’t looking around. I was in a haze and the only way out was to get this leaking to stop. I crossed my legs as tightly as possible, and the flow slowed to a stop. With legs crossed, hand pressing my skirt into my wet crotch, and my thighs wet with my urine, it occurred to me that I was breaking all three rules at once.

I couldn’t afford to waste another second worrying about rules or challenges or obeying, though, without soaking myself where I stood. My vision sharpened in those final feet to the bathroom and beheld a miracle of a sight: a completely empty set of stalls!

The latchkey effect kicked in and the floodgates opened. I locked the stall and sat straight on the toilet with my clothes still on. Pee blasted through my tights and I cried from sheer relief. Technically, I had completed the final challenge, and made it to the end of that day’s games. But my rule-breaking, I’m sure, will not go unpunished.

Oh, and I forgot to buy a new water bottle that day. Don’t worry - I’ve got one now, all ready to go for my next adventure.

