My dual wetting hold

Author: Dr. Takano

*000*2012-08-18 02:26

I felt the need to type something completely original, as my first long story don't be too harsh. Grammar mistakes maybe here, and there, feel free to point any out.Today I tried something new, and to say I liked it would be quite the understatement. The title probably sounds weird, but what I did was this I did a wetting challenge twice today. The whole idea was to get really desperate to pee and then pee just a little, and see how that affects my desperation.

The idea came yesterday in the shower like most great ideas do. Since it is the shower after all I just went in their, and then decided to forcibly stop peeing (amazingly I can do this without the need of any other body parts). As if completely shocked my bladder instantly said I had to go bad. The feeling was remarkable I had to pee bad, without having to hold for a long time. My excitement was short contained, since the need canceled off after a mere three minutes.

So today I was just browsing the forums, and thought to myself I haven't held truly in over two months. So grabbed a glass of say 10 fl. oz., and gulped down like the pig I am. I "wasted" another thirty or so minutes on this site, so that the time here was 7:10 PM. Now I'm able to think about having to go, so I watched some Black Adder (a British television comedy), and now the time was 7:43. I decided to do something I had neglected all day, my homework. After working on it for a mere ten minutes, I got distracted both by my bladder, and anything my eyes could see. I was surely becoming more and more desperate. I had to waste more time, I thought that going swimming sounded fun. Now I'm not one for public omorashi, so I could think of no better pool than the one in my backyard.

After a while become bored yet again, and went inside trying to postpone the inevitable. By doing a mix of watching videos and browsing Reddit my need to pee became more apparent. Now I was at the stage where nothing was more important. I did all those classical tricks to make me be able to hold it in longer. They all failed as I let out a single spurt. I couldn't wet myself on the first part of the challenge, so at 8:29 I dashed for the rest-room.

I thankfully remembered the plan, so I began to pee in the toilet mind you. I really had to go so after maybe ten seconds I tried to stop peeing. I peed a lot more than planned, though enjoyable me trying to stop it made it splatter every which way. When I got to stop I had to grab toilet paper, and clean it up. Since I peed a little more than expected I grabbed 20floz. of water, and shot it down my mouth.

The need to pee was so intense so overcoming, I wanted just to wet myself then and there. For some foolish reason I though that It would be a good idea to hold it. As I sat there getting the smell of pee off of me, I typed out the previous paragraphs to my story. I need to waste my time, so I ran around the house for my iPod to listen to music. As I got back to the computer, iPod in hand a heard something very faint. My cat was meowing in the distance, it decided not to lay by me but on me. In fact my cat must of had a grudge, since it stepped right on my genitals. It took all my strength not to release another squirt into my underwear.

After I very quickly moved him out of the room, as I know had to figit once in a while to contain it. It was know very hard to sit still, and found myself getting up to pace around a lot. I had to distract myself, some how. Watching T.V. didn't work, heck for once I wanted to be able to do my homework. Standing around in my Kitchen my foot began to rub my leg, my own version of the potty dance. My whole world was now focused on my bladder, the need consumed everything.

At this point I couldn't sit or stand still, and for some smart reason I was in my basement. At this point I was hurting pretty bad, I remember grabbing a pillow and squeezing it with my hand like a stress ball. I quickly ran upstairs for a just in case moment. The desperation was so bad (yet satisfyingly so) I consider gymnastics as an option. I laid down on the ground for extra time, and as I stood up the first spurt came. In my mind it was still a good idea to continue to hold it. Until I gave in to my human desire, and ran for the rest-room.

In the terribly desperate condition I was in the effort to take off my belt was even exhausting. The pants came off easy, as I shut the bathroom door. Standing in front of the toilet I began to remove my underwear, and as the began to fall so to did my bladder.

Soaking the top part of my underwear the pee began to hit the toilet. I was in shock i couldn't tell if I failed or succeed. 95% of my clothes were in pristine condition, but they very top of my underwear was now soaked. I thought about as I picked the wet / dry underwear off the bathroom floor. For some reason I felt compelled to give them a huge sniff.

