First intentional wetting

Author: shwarzwald

*000*2019-01-07 06:39

Howdy everyone!

So I've been lurking here for quite a while, but decided to make an account and finally post a recent wetting experience~~<3

So X-mas rolled around and I got myself a 12 pack of new boxer-briefs and decided it was time to have a go at letting go.

After choosing the ideal day I started off with putting on 5 pairs of old boxer-briefs on and started drinking 12oz of water about every 10-15 minutes. Now the goal initially wasn't to fill myself up, but rather clear myself out. So about every 20 minutes I was peeing and getting closer and closer to getting the clearness I desired. After what felt was hours of doing that and of course teasing my bladder by trying to let out pee a little each time I reached the point of where I was ready to just let go.

Now out of concern for my relatively new futon I knew I had to not leak so for safety I put on yet another pair or two of boxer-briefs. At which point the pressure from just them was enough to create ample pressure on my bladder. It was at this point that I sorta was in between control and spurting a little. It was an exhilarating feeling to finally be able to let go and do something so "taboo". To help make it more fun I decided to play a bit of DS1 to try and keep my mind off of it and see what happened. Of course every so often I would spurt a little until finally I decided it was time.

As frustrating as it is I couldn't pee whilst laying down or on my side, so I went ahead and propped myself up to around 45 degrees. That's all it took. I began to flood my underwear at a bit of an alarming rate, but I sorta didn't care. I was finally free and didn't have to worry about a stain, a scent, or anything. After what felt like ten minutes (probably 35 seconds XD) I felt that I had sufficiently filled my underwear to the max and cut off the stream. All but the last layer, the last line of defense was soaked or thoroughly dampened.

To finish it all off I went ahead and took all but the bottom most underwear off. Leaving just the most soaked pair on. At which point I went on here and began reading other wetting experiences while masturbating. Believe me it didn't even take but a few minutes to fill my soaked underwear with cum.

Clean up consisted of me throwing away the old stuff and keep a few to dry and use for later dates~

Now as a final little bonus I'm wetting three pairs boxer-briefs as I'm writing this!

I hope you guys enjoyed my experience! I'l have to bring up a couple past ones later~~<3

*004*2019-01-08 08:32

{{11 hours ago, WetAndMuddyFun said:

Sounds like a fun way to start. But next time just rinse your underwear out after and let them dry.

}}

{{8 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Yeah. I've always been able to wash my wet underwear, shorts, jeans, etc. pretty easily in the washing machine, even if the pee isn't clear.

}}

Totally sorry for the late reply! As a newbie I hit the post limit and couldn't respond.

So I guess I forgot to mention a minor detail. The underwear I tossed out was pretttty old at that point ( like 5+ years old ) , so they weren't exactly the best and it was their nice little send off. XD

On a related note I ended up wetting myself yesterday off and on for about 4 hours. Needless to say out of the 3 pair the first was absolutely soaked~~

Also now as a fun little goal I'll wet myself everytime I go to the restroom. It's been such a great experience doing this stuff. I'm really glad I finally decided to start enjoying it.

*006*2019-01-09 03:33

{{3 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

It is really fun, if no one's around to witness it of course.

}}

True so a compromise I decided to do instead of full on wetting is to pee a little bit as I walk into a restroom and then do business as usual.

So far the underwear tends to absorb it all. However, as a little precaution I've been wearing dark clothing as well. So in theory even if a little makes it way to surface level I should be safe.

