My girlfriend

Author: Simcaste

*000*2020-10-18 14:44

Hi everyone,

I’ll write here a couple of experience I’ve had with my girlfriend. We’re together since 3 years now, but I really struggle in understanding her holding ability.

She usually goes to pee really often, sometimes even every hour, and the amount of pee she does is extremely small (just because I can hear a few times, she has a strong gush).

However, other times, she can hold it for ages, even more than me (which I’m pretty good). For instance, a couple of month ago, we’ve been visiting a city here nearby. We left home at 8.30 am. We didn’t have breakfast at home, but we stopped in a starbucks on the way. We both took a croissant and a large coffee. We’ve had lunch at 1 pm and we both drank a 33cl beer. When about to leave (around 2pm), I needed to pee (not badly though), so I decided to go (my girlfriend didn’t). Around 4pm, we stopped in a bar where I ordered a beer and she took a medium milkshake.

Even then, she didn’t go to pee. We took a train to come back at 8.30 pm and while waiting for the train, she told me she was dying for a pee. However, she didn’t go at the station, neither in the train. While walking from the train station to home, she was starting to be quite desperate, showing clear sign of her full bladder. We arrive at home around 10 pm when she finally went to pee (I couldn’t hear, unfortunatly). Meanwhile, I had to pee quite a lot too, even though I went to the toilet at midday.

Here my struggle. Do you think she has a strong bladder? If yes, why would she go every hour or so to the toilet when she’s at home?

*002*2020-10-18 18:55

You might be right. However, when we are, for example, at restaurants, she goes often, sometimes even more than once. Then there are days when she drinks a lot and she hold it literally for the whole day. It’s really difficult to understand for me, I would say that she has a strong bladder, but she doesn’t really act like a girl with a great holding ability.

*005*2020-10-19 15:41

I think she doesn’t really pay attention to what she drinks. When we stopped in the pub at 4 pm, she was already needing to pee, but she has got a milkshake anyway.

No, she doesn’t know. And It’s a long time since I’m thinking at about how to approach this, because I would like that she knows about it. All suggestions are well accepted.

*007*2020-10-21 23:34

That’s an amzing answer, thanks!

The fact is that there’s absolutely nothing to be afraid of in admitting something like this, but... for some reason it’s taugh. I haven’t tried nothing like that in the bedroom, just ordinary sex (with wild position, this yes, but nothing even close to omorashi). The tactic I’m adopting in this last period is to hold my pee for long times when we go out for an entire day, mainly to see her reactions and to see if she’s somehow interested. Sometimes I get positive signal, sometimes neutral (never negative, though). I might switch to your approach soon and see if I get somewhere.

All this, when a simple question like “do you like to hold your pee?” would solve all problems. But it’s a taugh question, damn!

*009*2020-10-23 17:09

Thanks! I would say it’s more about being shy than fear of rejection, at least in my case. But I’ll work on that

*011*2020-10-23 17:18

Thanks a lot! I’m new to this forum and I don’t know how to text you here. However, I’ve a Kik account, you could write me there at simcaste1.

*014*2020-10-31 09:51

No, I didnt. But I will, I’m pretty sure about this. In the end, it’s kind of a natural thing!

I think the two stories are quite similar, I remember about yours. They both have quite a strong bladder!

