Our date

Author: Bow2me

*000*2016-06-01 15:45

Ok so I am new at this so please don't judge!

Jade and I had been dating awhile and he knew about my fetish and he sometimes would hold for me.

One day I had been really busy and it was a hot day (summer) I had been drinking alot without paying much attention to the time. I knew our date was at 7 for the movies. I had lost track of time due to trying to clean house,babysit etc etc. All the while I was drinking and drinking through out the day. 6:45 came around and jade showed up to get me and I didnt think about using the bathroom so we left. When we got to the movies we had about 5min before it started and I for the first time that day realized i needed to go quite badly so I started to head toward the bathroom when he grabbed my arm and said I need to talk to you. 

So we got our drinks (extra large) and went to sit down. I said make it Quick I need to go before the movie starts and he grinned. I looked at him and asked why was he grinning and he pulled out à lock and key and said I want you to hold it for me. I thought about it and I saw how hard he was already so I agreed and let him tighten up my belt as tight as it would go and he put the lock on it. By this time the movie was starting and he put his hand between my legs and he whispered in my ear that if I leaked he would know and that I would get spanked for it. Then he picked up my cup and told me to drink up so I did.

About 15 min into the movie I felt the drink (now empty) going into my bladder witch was already very full. I whispered to him that I really really needed to pee snd he said I was fine. I knew I was in for a treat when he said that. About 20 min later (half way through the movie) I was in serious need of a piss and I couldn't sit still! I was even moaning in agony and begging him to let me go pee but he refused. I kept begging and begging until suddenly I felt my panties get damp from à big spurt. I gasped and I felt him pinch me down there and I then knew that he knew I leaked. By the time the crédits rolled up i was almost crying because i needed to go and he agreed that he would take my lock off so I could hurry to the bathroom. Well when I got there they had a big long line and I was close to the end of it. I was hoping from foot to foot trying everything I could to hold it back.

Suddenly I herd this lady at the end of the line asking someone if she could please go ahead of them but everyone said no except the lady behind me so she got in line behind me and she saw how franticly I was dancing and holding myself and gave me a sympathic look. I by this time was about to the front of the line so was she. I was so turned on by us both I tried to talk to her and she just studdered and couldnt talk much so I just stopped and focused on holding it in when suddenly she tapped my shoulder and I turned and saw her with tears running down her face.

She asked me if she could please please please go ahead of me and I started to say no when I for the first time noticed her baby bump (small but cute) so I realized she was dealing with a baby bump adding pressure so I said yes and let her go. She took âgés but finally she came out and I ran in. That was the best feeling in the world. When I came out i saw à puddles from the girl at the end of the line and her light jeans was soak!

