Mid morning desperation sighting

Author: stinklerus

*000*2012-04-10 19:22

This is a true account of a severe desperation sighting which I witnessed on a weekday mid morning. The events took place over 20 years ago and I have posted various accounts on other boards, so if anyone thinks it is familiar please forgive me.

In the main town where I live there were separate gents and ladies public toilets about 50 metres apart. They were situated on the inside of a bend in the street, and the front of the gents was set back from the line of the adjacent buildings by about 5 metres. The ladies was further along the street from the direction of the town centre than the gents, and although both had signs projecting above the door, the sign for the ladies was rather dilapidated. Their situation meant that anyone standing in front of the gents would be unable to see the sign and entrance to the ladies until they were further along the street. The whole area has long since been redeveloped and the toilets and adjacent buildings are all gone.

However, at the time the entrance to one of the town’s main open air car parks was on the opposite side of the street from the two toilets, about mid way between them, and being on the outside of the curve in the street , had a view of the entrance to both toilets. This is where I was when I had my sighting, and to this day I have yet to witness a better scene of desperation.

It was about 11 am, and I had been in the main part of town on business. I was about the third vehicle in a queue of cars waiting to leave the car park, when my attention was drawn to a smartly dressed young woman on the opposite pavement. She was wearing a dress jacket and a skirt with a hem just above her knees. She also had on high heeled shoes but I don’ remember her carrying a bag of any kind. She had shoulder length hair and a good figure and actually looked quite attractive. I did not recognise her as being local, and as it was not a tourist part of the town, assumed she must be on business.

This woman was standing on the wide part of the footpath, but past the entrance to the gents. There was something about the way she stood and her flustered appearance which made me think she would be worth watching. Sure enough, her next move confirmed my suspicions about her, as she clutched one hand tight into her crotch. She was obviously desperate to pee and looking for the ladies. She seemed reluctant to move, but bent forward in an attempt to see if she could see any further around the corner.

I got the impression that she must have asked for directions to the ladies, but had not gone far enough along the street to find the entrance. As she stood, as well as clutching herself quite openly, in spite of the passing traffic, she was also doing a mini pee dance, shifting from foot to foot, bending at the waist and squeezing her legs together. She was too far back from the edge of the footpath to be able to see around as far as the ladies, so she instead gave looked over her shoulder towards the entrance to the gents.

Now, one point I forgot to mention in my introduction was that the gents was a notorious hang out for the drunks and wasters of the town. It was somewhere dry for them to gather out of the public eye and consume their cheap booze, so the police and town officials tended to turn a blind eye to their presence, as long as they did not bother anybody. The desperate young woman, maybe in her late 20’s or early 30’s did not of course know this. After another futile attempt to peer around the corner to see if she could spot the ladies she made her mind up to head towards the gents. Whether she willingly made this decision or it was made for her by her bursting bladder, we don’t know, but by from her earlier actions we must assume the latter. By this time one car in front of me had left and I was second in line to leave the car park. I was now praying for heavy traffic so that I could witness the outcome of the lady’s desperation.

The woman, still clutching herself firmly between the legs with one hand was now almost in the gents, when suddenly she turned around and hurried back out onto the footpath. Just as she did so, one of the town drunks came stumbling out of the gents, muttering his normal obscenities. The woman was now really squirming, and really looking flustered. She was red in the face and her hair was becoming dishevelled. She tried to move along the pavement in the direction she must have been told the ladies were, but still couldn’t see the sign. 

Then suddenly she stopped in her tracks, spread her legs as far apart as her skirt would allow, and looked down. I was sure that it would only be a matter of seconds before a torrent appeared from under her skirt, as there could only be one explanation for the position she had adopted – she had started to wet herself!. However, from my position I could not see any evidence that she was actually peeing, and the pavement seemed to remain dry. Then, if as by some miracle, she seemed to notice the sign for the ladies. As soon as she did so , she clutched herself again and rushed into the door.

Despite circling the block a few times for the next ten to fifteen minutes, I never saw her again, and from my observations of the pavement from the car there did not appear to a be any sign of wet patches, either where she stopped or between there and the door. There are so many things about the event we will never know – Did she make it? How did she become so desperate in the first place? What was she doing in town? Had she wet her knickers at all, or did they remain dry? When she stopped on the pavement was she starting to go? - All these questions must remain unanswered – unless of course the poor lady is reading this board !!!

For myself, I like think that she was starting to go when she stopped and spread her legs, and that she had resigned herself to the fact that she was going to have an accident. I still don’t know what made her notice the ladies at the last minute, but I again like to think that she got in the door but never even tried to get to a stall. Instead she just lifted her skirt, squatted on the floor and finished through her knickers as they were wet anyway.

Hopefully she is a reader - hopefully.

