Very very desperate!

Author: Zerkerlot

*000*2015-11-26 10:36

*DISCLAIMER* This unfortunately does not end in a wetting, but I thought I might as well share it. However a lot of desperation.

This happened a few years back when I was still schooling. We went on an overseas trip to Malaysia, a place called Ipoh. There were quite a few of us, but obviously the only one that matters for this story is this one girl (let's call her 'Eloise'). She's quite pretty and has a hot body as well, but no I wasn't into her at all as she didn't exactly have the best personality.

She struck me as someone with a small bladder, she goes to the toilet more often than others and gets desperate easily. She also isn't afraid to voice out her desperation and I like that. Naturally with her there are a lot of desperation stories, but I'll pick the one she probably came the closest to wetting.

We were at a night market in Ipoh, doing some late night shopping and snacking. In Ipoh, night markets are in much more rural areas where a lot of facilities aren't readily available, e.g. toilets. As we were finishing up the strolling, Eloise became slightly more fidgety and had a slightly worried look on her face and started looking around, but I brushed it off as nothing. Such things aren't usually noticeable but well, as a professional Omorashist...

We came to the entrance of the night market and begun to flag for a cab. We needed about 3 consecutive cabs as we had a slightly larger group, and splitting up too far wasn't safe. We naturally had a harder time to get 3 cabs available cabs in a row, and there were also many others flagging for cabs. AT this point, Eloise got noticeably much more fidgety and her worried look increased. I went over to ask, "Hey, what's wrong?"

Lo and behold, she said the favorite phrase of any Omorashist: "I need to pee.." she told me while looking around. There weren't any toilets around and no private spots for a secret pee. Time went on, she got increasingly desperate and she begun to clutch her inner thighs (you know how some girls want to grab their crotch but can't do so in public, so they grab their inner thigh instead?). She was fidgeting a lot at this point and also moved around nervously and also bit her lip worriedly.

About 15-20 minutes went on, and we still had not much luck withe cabs. Now it was impossible for her to stand still and she paced around nervously a lot and her hands basically never left her crotch area. Our other friends caught on by now of her predicament and were trying to help her locate a toilet but to no avail. "You could go in the canal." one of my friends joked. Eloise just laughed it off but also said there was no way she was gonna pee in public.

Eloise started to occasionally mutter groans and moans as she fought on to hold in her pee. I have to admit, you have no idea how much I wanted to see her wet there and then. Suddenly one of our teachers announced that they got hold of cabs and we rushed to it. I cursed in my mind but thought there was still a chance as it was a 10 minutes ride back to the hotel. Eloise and I took different cabs so I hoped she wouldn't pee in the cab.

Eloise's and my cab arrived earlier as we waited at the hotel lobby for the third cab. She was holding onto a pack of food that belonged to someone else in the third cab so she couldn't leave just yet. She was hopping around while biting her lip and was clutching onto her crotch tightly and even groaned out loud now. Not letting my fetish overtake my morals, I offered to hold onto the food for her and said, "Just go."

She thanked me as she used both hands to grab her crotch and rushed off to the toilet. And that was it. It was really sad she never peed her pants in the end, but I'm pretty sure was closing in on it. I even overheard her telling her friends afterwards about how strong and fast her pee stream was and basically peed for over 10 seconds straight.

This is my first time posting an Omorashi story so don't hate! Leave opinions

