I got locked out of the bathroom

Author: CrystalsCrysis

*000*2018-05-21 05:31

So I have a younger sister, only by a few years. We were playing some video games together in the living room when she got up to use the bathroom. She was in there for a while until she came out. About an hour later I had to pee. I just shrugged it off and continued playing the game. Another hour later I had to pee even more, and I was desperate. I have a weak bladder so it's not really easy to hold my bladder. So I got up and headed for the bathroom. My sister locked the bathroom door and had the key with her! I was yelling at her to unlock the bathroom door but she continuosly said "No" and continued playing the game. I was standing by the door trying to find the other key we keep by the door, but I couldn't find it. My sister doesn't know about the extra key we have so she couldn't have taken that one too.

Since I couldn't find the key, I went back to playing the game with my sister. My bladder was really hurting after a while and my sister, Sarah, knew I was struggling. She asked me if I wanted anything to drink since we were taking a break from the game. Yes, I knew how badly I needed to pee, but I was still thirsty. I told her to get me a soda and she came back with one. I really regret asking for the soda now. I had to shove my ankle into my vagania, which was very uncomfortable! It was around 5PM when we started playing and it was already 7PM after we were done. I realized that Sarah has her own bathroom linked to her room. 

I got up and raced to her room, spurting a lot as I ran. I reached her room and she had her door locked! Seriously, what's with her and locking doors?! I heard the bathroom door unlock in the hallway and I raced to the door. She unlocked it! I ran to the door and opened it, but as soon as I grabbed the handle I started peeing. I desperately tried to stop peeing by shoving my hands into my crotch, but to no avail. I kept peeing for what felt like an hour, but I know it was really about three minutes. Sarah immediately started taking pictures and laughing. She locked my bedroom door so I couldn't change and forced me to stay in my wet panties, which we're originally a pastel pink, and shorts. God, I really hate my sister.

In case you're all wondering, this is true and I'm still in my wet panties while writing this.

