My First Actual Wetting!!!

Author: Nugbug3

*000*2018-01-13 05:55

Hi - I'll introduce myself a little first.

I'm a 20 year-old college student getting my degree in creative writing (that's how I ended up here! I love to document every moment of my life in writing). I have been into omo for a long time, probably since I was 11 or so, but I've never, ever lived alone so I've never really had much time to indulge in anything other than videos. I hold a lot, especially on drives back and forth from home to my apartment near the university (2 hour drive) and let myself leak slowly in an Always pad. I live with my boyfriend and a good friend now. My boyfriend has recently started working nights and my other roommate is gone a lot to conferences and back home, so I'm at home alone a lot more now. I've wet my underwear on the toilet once or twice but never really anything more.

Until tonight!

I was hanging around by myself in front of the computer, got a familiar tinge, and thought, "eh, why not?" So I downed a glass of water and waited. I share laundry so it's kind of hard to actually wet clothes most of the time since my boyfriend and I do laundry together at a laundromat. But recently I out grew a pair of pants (just enough to where they are uncomfortable to wear for a whole day) and they've been hanging in the back of the closet for a few weeks. I figured if I just washed them out in the tub and hung them back up to dry he wouldn't notice. So I put them on, and let the buzzing in my abdomen grow, lightly stroking myself through my underwear until I hit the peak of pleasure in my hold - any longer and it would have been painful.

I tried to let go for a while and couldn't - I don't know why but I just couldn't get myself to go. I walked around my flat several times, trying to get a flow started, to no avail. So I stuck a pad in, since I'm used to using one on the road. I sat down and started to let small spurts out like I usually do. I felt the first spurt come out and nearly couldn't keep from touching myself. I was so excited for what I was about to do. After a few spurts, when I got started good, I went to the bathroom and stood in front of the mirror so I could watch and continued to let small amounts out at a time. When it got hard to stop, I just let it continue. 

Oh - my - god. I'm a serious skeptic, but I'm pretty sure that was a religious experience. It started slow. I was going at a steady rate but I couldn't see a wet patch, so I started to push a little harder and totally lost control. I SOAKED my pants. Both legs, front and back. I always thought my bladder was so small, so I was floored by the amount of liquid rushing out of me, into my pants and onto the floor. I rocked back in bliss and propped myself up on the wall, sliding my hand into my jeans to relieve my arousal. Cleanup wasn't the most fun, but I hung my pants to dry after a good rinse and wring, and mopped the bathroom. I'm still so astounded at how great it felt.

I don't know when I'll have the chance to do this again, but my god I'm already looking for openings. I don't think I've ever been so turned on.

