Physical/Social experiment

Author: Billygoat94

*000*2018-09-30 01:52

Hey all thought about trying a bit of an experiment over the next few months just to see what happens. I actually got the idea from a story I read awhile back but wanted to put my own twist on it. I wanted to document what happens but am unsure where is the best place on this forum. If anyone is interested I can get into the details once I know people are interested. It will be a mix of wetting experiences and NON-fiction.

*002*2018-10-01 21:38

Well the view number is interest enough to me, seeing as how I gave very few details and people still wanted to know more. I'll keep it here because I'm going to be documenting my experiences but if it becomes more general I'll move it. I don't think what I'm planning has been done before so I wanted to test the waters so to speak by making a general announcement just to see how the community would take it.

*003*2018-10-01 22:12

Since I got a generally positive response this is my "idea". I live alone and work by myself so my public exposure would be pretty limited to errands and getting to and from work. I am into humiliation and wetting more than diapers but there's definitely an interest there. I want to get to a point we're I'm known as "accident prone" to my friends and colleagues. By having progressively more day and night accidents until someone in my not virtual life advises I either see a doctor or wear protection. Here is my planned schedule for the moment at least until I start hearing from my coach(encouragement to continue,not hypnosis).

I'll start by wetting my bed once a week

Then I'll go twice a week the second month

The third month I'll wet the bed 3 nights a week and my pants once a week

The fourth month I will wet the bed every night and my pants every other day.

The fifth month is the same as the fourth except I'll wet my pants every day rather than every other day and I'll also set a alarm to go off every hour so I can be reminded to wet wherever I am. I have PLENTY of pants detergent and cleaning supplies for this. I'm tracking by normal bladder habits now to see how they might change after. Every pants wetting will be as public as I can make it(at least a high chance of being seen).I'll be talking to a coach for encouragement and I am VERY aware of the pros and CONS of this. It will officially start the 13th of this month and I will put experiences here as they happen. I've been a lurker on here and other omo-abdl related sites long enough to know that these communities have questions that the results of this may answer. I'm a 24 year old trans guy with no bladder issues, just trying to answer some questions. Feel free to ask and make any suggestions, as long as they're respectful I don't mind them:)

*004*2018-10-15 15:30

Okay so I didn't realize until now that I may have confused some people with the start date but I meant the 13th of October (this month). Sorry for any confusion. Anyway as I said I had an event on the 13 that I wanted to document on here. It was the first bedwetting of probably several, but since bedwetting isn't a usual thing for me it was a bit awkward getting comfortable enough to go at first but once it started it was pretty easy going. The pad I used picked up everything so no mess yay!! I'll put my beginning numbers from the bladder diary I've been keeping in a later post. Well stayed tuned for more as time goes on, have a good day all:)

