Wetting in traffic as a kid

Author: stuple88

*000*2017-04-15 07:47

This happened when I was nine and I think it helped start my interest in Omorashi.

So I hadn't wet myself completely for a really long time, but I was used to having small "accidents" at school. Sometimes my mom would see the pee stains in my underwear, if I had a more noticeable wetting, and lecture me, but I never really had any embarrassing wetting except for one incident I can remember a couple years prior on the playground at school. One time I kept holding it for some reason after I had already leaked a little on my pants and while on some weird bridge(which moved when people ran on it) some kid jumped on it and it shocked me and forced me to pee so much that other kids noticed and I had to get some new pants.

Anyway, because of my weak bladder, short attention span(I had adhd) and other things, my mom was always reminding me to go to the bathroom. Eventually, I got pretty good and would only occasionally have little wettings at school, but never enough to be noticeable to anyone. Until one time my mother, younger sister, and I went on a road trip to Houston(about a 14 hour drive for us) and I had a major accident. At one point, early in the trip, I was noticing I had to pee a bit, but I was ignoring it effectively. I think I was reading a book or something and I was really into it. At one point, we stopped for lunch and I had a good amount to drink. My mom told my sister and I to use the bathroom when we were leaving, but I didn't have to go very bad and I was feeling "rebellious" for some reason and didn't want my mom telling me when to use the bathroom. So I didn't go, my mom told me we wouldn't stop again until dinner, but I just had a bit of a "fuck it" attitude about me.

So we got back in the car and I drank a little more Gatorade before falling asleep to digest my meal.

After a couple hours sleeping, I woke up and I needed to pee bad. Like a high-pressure burn in my bladder/penis was going on. Like I said, I had a pretty weak bladder and I had a tendency to push it to it's limits often – making it tired often. After a few seconds trying to see if it would go away, I asked my mom if we could stop at a place to go to the bathroom. She told me I should have gone earlier and she didn't want to stop for a while. I decided to see if I could hold it. I tried to remain sitting normally, but eventually, I found myself squirming a bunch and needing to hold myself a lot. I asked my mom again to stop and she said she would look for a place but we were in a rural area without much room. I ended up sitting there for another ten minutes, starting to get very desperate and worried. I felt that if a shock came or I had to move I might not be able to hold it.

My bladder felt hot and heavy and there was a pressure, and slight pain, in my penis. At one point I leaked a little and asked in a more insistent, desperate tone for my mom to stop. She said there was a rest stop coming in about 10 minutes and we could stop. I was worried I wouldn't be able to make it, but I didn't want to tell my mom so I just said ok. I think she eventually noticed how much I was squirming around because she was starting to offer me encouragement to hold it. A few minutes after her previous update, we came up on a bunch of traffic. Sadly, there was a wreck up ahead and we were stopping and starting on the freeway. My mom started getting concerned and asking if I thought I could make it. I wasn't sure, but still maintained that I think I could to her.

After another twenty minutes though, my situation began to get worse. I leaked once or twice more, making a small spot on my gray athletic shorts. I was having to lean over to hold myself now and I was getting tears in my eyes. My mom asked again if I could hold it another 5 minutes and this time I said I don't know. About 30 seconds later, I felt my bladder and penis get a really "weak" feeling and a slow, but steady stream of pee started to come out. I felt a really intense heat from the temperature of the urine and my sweat getting together. The stream lasted for long enough to make a bunch of pee get on my but. I squaled out to my mom that it was starting to , we come out and she just looked back with a concerned sort of, "oh my" expression. This accident was starting to get out of the sort I was used to or remembered myself having. I remember seeing my younger sister, 7, wet herself in a similar situation on a funeral procession once years earlier, but she was a lot younger.

At this point I had tears on my face and I was feeling very embarsased. I had gotten a little arrogant with my bladder and was now paying the price. My mom told me we were only about a minute away. I got some hope from that, but when we got on the exit ramp, I just couldn't hold it anymore. I guess it may have had something to do with getting closer to a toilet, but I had the same feeling as earlier, the really weak bladder and penis, and this time a harder spray of pee came out. My penis was like a hose. The pee was splitting off and caused me to completely soak myself and the seat under me. I could tell my mom had a mixture of frustration and sympathy. 

I just felt incredibly embarrassed and dejected. I went into a bit of a tantrum during my wetting, I just buried my hands into my face, which were covered in pee from where I tried to stop peeing and sobbed until my mom could calm me down. After I finally finished peeing I remember adjusting my seating position and just having a ton of pee rush down my legs. It was my first total wetting like this in a long time and I had a distantly familiar feeling of shame hit me. The hot pee started to feel really itchy. then had to go through the embarrassing

Next, I had to go through the embarrassing process of going through the parking lot, lobby, and women's room(with my sister and mom) to a stall so I could get cleaned up. I went in to a stall and just felt overwhelmed. I peed into the toilet(somehow there was still pee left in me) and just got really frusturated trying to get my soaked, heavy shorts off. I got my mom to help me clean up with a wet towel and she got me gave me fresh clothes through the stall to put on. I still remember the underwear was just totally soaked. They were white with some sort of work trucks on them. I think my mom just threw them away because they were literally completely saturated(even the waistband somehow). Anyway, we eventually got back on the road and I was fine for the rest of the trip. I still haven't had another wetting since then, but my mom always made me use the toilet a ton and wouldn't take no for an answer after this one.

