Wetting While Cleaning

Author: chloes96

*000*2020-05-14 02:32

Is anyone else like me in that they use wetting as a way to motivate themselves to do chores? I'm so bad about wanting to tidy up, so I usually set a timer. "How much can I get tidied in ten minutes? Fifteen minutes?" You get it. Only sometimes, I forego the timer and let my bladder be the timer instead. I'll start by drinking a lot of water or tea before I start, so I'm already fidgeting. My favorite thing to wear when I'm doing chores are these cheap shorts I have, almost like a jersey material. I love pulling them up to my waist, knotting the waistband tight, and getting to work.

Then, I get to work tidying. Soon enough, I'm fidgeting and potty-dancing all across my bedroom as I'm trying to be productive. I find myself focusing more and more on getting work done so that I don't absolutely piss my pants. Then the first spurt hits, just for a second. I check the mirror- no visible wet spot, but I can feel it. Throbbing with excitement, I continue to work, more quickly this time. This time it's riskier- lifting a box, squatting to pick something, all of these things make more little spurts come out. I check the mirror again- there's definitely a visible wet spot this time, outlining my lips.

I continue trying to focus on being productive, but this time I'm even more urgent than before. With each little tiny spurt, my bladder feels weaker to the point that it's painful to keep holding and my legs are constantly trembling. I go ahead and turn on the shower faucet, knowing I'll need a shower after whatever happens next, and also knowing that it won't be too long now. Now the challenge is to see if I can finish the last little bit of tidying before I complete flood my little shorts with piss. At this point, the spurts are lasting for about two seconds, and they're coming more frequently. The wet spot has now covered the entire front of my shorts, thanks to all the bending, squatting, etc. I've been doing to try to tidy up. It's even more visible on the back of my shorts.

I can feel the ache in my bladder growing, but I'm almost finished with my chores at hand! The sound of the shower water running in the background doesn't help, knowing that it's waiting for me. The spurts are nearly a constant stream- every step I take lets out a little spurt now. My shorts are somehow still managing to absorb some of the pee, but the rest gently trickles down little golden streams on the back of my legs. As I move frantically around the room, trying to finish up, I know I'm leaving little wet spots all around my room, too. Finally, the spurts all join together into a steady stream that I can't stop. I run to the bathroom and finally stop trying to hold as I stand on the tile floor, and just let the warm flood cover my pants and fully soak the rest of my shorts.

It's definitely a great motivator and reward for being productive

