Pee shy experience

Author: Xaris22

*000*2022-01-11 01:26

Before I begin, I'm really pee shy, like I can't get even a single drop when in a urinal or a stall if there are others, like at all, which means a no relief if there is anyone else in the bathroom

So... where do I start? The story takes time at September and with all the exaggeration of this thrilling story, it's gonna be a long ride so buckle up boyos.

Today I woke up with a nagging feeling in my bladder, looked at the clock, it was 2pm, class started at 6pm and the lecture started at 8pm so I had plenty of time in my disposal ;).

I pressed my bladder felt a twinge and went to the "living room" (in other words just turn the sofa to sofa mode since it's a really small apartment), layed on the couch, ruffled the new carpet, turned on the TV, drank a cup of coffee and 2 glasses of water, looked at my trash bag at the kitchen corner and thought I'd take it out as I leave.

I fell asleep on the couch and woke up at 5pm. Barely enough time to get to uni. I shot up and felt a strong pang in bladder which made me wince hard. I quickly put on my black jeans, and sweatshirt, took my bag and zoomed barefoot with my shoes and belt in hand to the elevator, put on my shoes and then my belt. Big mistake. I instantly felt like I got kicked in the bladder. The elevator got down and I power walked to the bus station around a block away.

In the bus there was not a single vacant seat, which meant I had to be standing the whole 30 minute ride which means every bump made me feel ready to piss my pants.

When I got there, I briskly walked to the class and took my seat just in time. It was agonizing, class felt like it would never end, time went at a snails pace. Finally it ended, sooner than usual because the professor had some urgent to tend to, which left me with a bit over an hour of free time before the 3hour lecture.

I almost jogged to the bathroom, went in and both stalls where occupied, which left only the urinals usable. I went up to one, fumbled with my buckle, got it out, aimed and... Nothing, not even a drop, bladder still agonizingly full and felt hard to the touch, waited a bit, still nothing, flustered I zipped my pants, squishing my bladder in the process and zipped outa there. After this failed attempt I wobbled to the library.

When I got there I took a book, sat on the table near the back and took my shoes off, rubbed my bare feet on the carpet and flipped through the book in order to calm my nerves and get to the toilet, that is in the middle right of the library. I got up went to the toilet, got in took in out in a swift motion and started going a really thin stream. When relief started washing over me and my mind cleared, I felt cold, specifically the bottom of my soles. 

Oh crap. My stream faltered, I immediately felt a strong pang, crossed my legs and shoved a hand between them, still so so full, at least I'm not in danger of pissing my pants, I raise one of my feet behind me to see how they are. The outline of my sole was dark grey... great. I stayed there a bit, pointing at the toilet, waiting the urge to come back, just as I feel it on the tip ready to come out, my phone went off. Shit the lecture. I quickly fixed myself and felt a spurt coming out, grabbed my crotch, went to my table got my shoes in hand and booked it to the lecture.

I quickly seated myself and put on my shoes,my bladder hurting as I leaned to put on the backs. The lecture was 3 hours long. At first I was uncomfortable but I could manage, as the 2 hour went by I felt like I was filled to the brim, my swollen bladder felt hard as rock, I couldn't pay attention to the lecture at all, as the 3 hour came to a close I was sweating profusely, I was filled to the brim, my eyes where floating, I breathed really shallowly cause it felt like every breath was going to make me spill and break the dam, I could barely speak. Almost 12 hours with no toilet. I walked trembling to the bus and rode back, somehow with no incidents.

When I got the bus stop, got off and went to my street, which thank God had only two bulbs and my small apartment complex door is in the dark parts. Nearing home, I felt a jet of pee going through my wet underwear to my pants, I instantly kicked off my shoes in order to not pee in them and padded barefoot to the building.

Through sheer will I got myself to the elevator and then my apartment. When I opened the door I bent over because of a pang and shuffled to the toilet. To my dismay I was locked up because of all the andrenaline and needed a bit of time to calm down. Just as I was about to piss my phone went off once again. Oh god. I felt my knees weaken and my pants wetter. A really good friend of mine was outside and needed the toilet. I had told her about the new carpet beforehand, so she took of her flats from the elevator and hobbled inside the toilet and released a torrent of piss for over a minute, it made me almost fall to my knees and piss a bit more in my pants, in a last ditch effort, I stumbled the elevator with the garbage bag saying I'm taking the bag out. When I got in the elevator I did a full on potty dance. As the heavy urge passed I took a look at my soles outline which was pitch black.

As I got out and near the garbage can, I felt more spurts coming out, so I unfastened my tight belt and fished it out mid spurt and started going. The relief was orgasmic. I felt tingling from my bladder to my toes, it was great, I peed for almost two minutes straight, felt my bladder deflate. When I finished I got my shoes, went back inside and chilled with a bit with my friend (thank God for the black jeans, as no patches where seen), escorted her to the front door and plopped on the couch and propped my dirty feet trying to wrap my head around today.

I have another story about how I ended up together with that friend, but it's a story for another time.

