A Little Motivation

Author: bobabouy

*000*2016-07-23 20:32

Last weekend I needed motivation to get some exercise. I enjoy cycling and mine has been gathering dust. I woke up early and enjoyed coffee and some water to make sure I was hydrated. Spending the early part of the morning surf the web and drinking coffee and water, I had thoroughly soaked my diaper. Since it was time for a change and the sun was shining, it was time to get changed and head out for the bike trail.

Changed into a my tight, padded cycling shorts and a rather bright yellow shirt, I was almost ready to go. I didn't empty my bladder before leaving but I did fill a water bottle and have another glass of water. Donning my safety gear and readying the bicycle, I was off.

Just peddling out of my neighborhood I could feel my bladder and didn't know how long I could hold it. Getting through another neighborhood to the main trail, I noticed the cones and signs announcing a small section of the trail will be closed. Fortunately I could get to the main trail.

Feeling my bladder and knowing there was no way I could hold me pee during the ride, I decided to head to the less crowded part of the trail. By mile three, my bladder was bursting and it was getting hard to maintain a pace. I decided to leave the trail and go along a two lane road and make a loop back to the trail further on.

Struggling on the road, cars were passing me but not too many, I felt my crotch get warm. Taking a quick look down I could see a dark spot growing on my black shorts. More cars coming in both directions, I kept going until I could make my turn on a little farm road. Another vehicle passed me and made the turn onto the same farm road. Making the turn I could see the car going up one of the driveways further up the road.

My bladder was aching by this time and not caring if anyone else was around, I slowed my pace and tried to pee. Passing a couple of houses that were close to the road, I finally peed. Pee was filling my cycling shorts and running down my left leg. Keeping things even, I lowered my right leg and pee began streaming down my right leg. Feeling better, I continued on my ride.

Returning to the trail, I noticed the wasn't much traffic. This was good because my bladder wasn't empty. I managed to hold on for a little while before I started leaking. My shorts getting wet again. I held on until about a half mile from the turn around. Looked behind me, searching for others. Seeing none, I stood up on the peddles and emptied my bladder. Pee soaked my padded shorts then streamed down both legs. My bladder didn't seem to empty completely.

At the turn around, I was going to stop and try to completely empty my bladder. It was getting a little painful because I just couldn't pee much while riding. Reaching the turn around, there were three women standing with their bicycles. They looked like serious riders taking a break from a long ride. I made the turn around and kept going.

The trail was getting busy again and I still had to pee. Over the next few miles, I leaked more into my shorts. I decided to extend my ride and on my return to the two lane road I first took, decided to repeat that route.

Both my bladder and legs are getting tired. I had to pee and getting more desperate, I tried to hold on until a less public area. Wetting myself some while on the increasingly trafficked two lane road I managed to to completely soak my shorts. Making it back to the farm road, my bladder gave out and streams of peed flowed down both legs, soaking my shoes.

Legs feeling like rubber and my bladder full again, I was nearing the end of my ride when I noticed I wasn't going to make a distance I set for myself. Another two miles would do it but my bladder was full and I was going to a high traffic area and to the trail head and parking lot.

Trying to hold on so I didn't embarrass myself in front of many people, I held on to my pee for as long as I could. Making it to the trail head and into the parking lot, I coasted to the far end by the parking lot's main entrance. My bladder let go. Shorts soaked, pee streaming down my legs and onto the asphalt as I circled back to the trail.

Riding back home, my bladder was filling again. Managing to hold on as I passed through the neighborhoods I made it home and opened the garage. Waiting for the garage door to open, my bladder let go again, pee streamed down my legs and onto the driveway. Before I could get my bicycle and myself into the garage, my neighbor came around the corner of her house.

We talked for a few minutes and she asked me if I was heading out. I said I just finish and told her how far I went. We discussed the trail conditions and a little more small talk. I don't think she noticed the puddle on the driveway.

This was one of the most enjoyable bicycle rides I've had in a long time.

*002*2016-07-29 13:24

My bladder never fully emptied. I had also been drinking a fair (maybe unfair) amount of water prior to heading out.

