Peeing in weird places while the gf was away...

Author: Ncoz

*000*2018-05-01 07:40

My partner was recently out of town for a week for work and I couldn't resist the chance to avoid the bathroom for a few days of fun. she knows about my fetish and is accepting, but doesn't really understand it, let alone share in it, so I try not to subject her to my deviant whims. She's rarely out of the house, so as much as it sucked that she was gone, it was amazing to be able to let my naughty side run rampant for awhile.

As much as i love hearing about accidental and deliberate wettings, i'm equally turned on by people sneaking a piss in public or just in weird places.

The first weekend home i told myself i couldn't use the toilet and started off my day with two cup of water and 2 cups of coffee, repeating the cycle each time I pissed. At first i was really pee-shy, despite my desperation and my desire to piss myself wherever I stood. But the most i could muster was peeing in a bucket instead of the toilet. Lame, right? I filled it all the way but instead of just dumping it out, I decided I had to get more creative. Next target was a dead potted plant. I couldn't reach it where it was on the shelf, so i had to take it down and squatted awkwardly to piss into the soil without making a mess. It absorbed all my piss a couple times, but i was worried it wouldn't hold anymore. at this point i was distracting myself with chores around the house as my desperation grew.

My penis throbbed and I felt a small spurt push through my boxers as I realized I'd neglected to identify anything else that i could relieve my aching bladder into without causing permanent evidence! I wandered through the house, legs crossed, tempting fate. At last my gaze settled on a pile of laundry in the bedroom. What better incentive to do the laundry? I fumbled hurriedly with my fly, pulled aside my wet boxers and let it rip all over the laundry. The clothes weren't enough to absorb it all, and a puddle leaked out the bottom and oozed across the floor. I mopped it up with another old towel and through it in the washer. It was then that i noticed how much more laundry i still had to do; a heaping laundry basket of dirty sheets and underclothes was forgotten in the laundry room...and I couldn't wait for my next piss.

Long story short, I put on a new pair of (dirty) clothes from the laundry pile and made myself a nest of clothes on the laundry room floor. As my bladder filled up, I held and squirmed and rubbed myself until I couldn't hold it anymore. I relaxed, and felt my pants and makeshift bed grow rapidly warm and soaking wet. My penis, erect with excitement, spurted piss up through my shirt, literally surrounding me in piss. shaking with pleasure, I ejaculated involuntarily and finally, relaxed entirely.

It was an amazing experience that i couldn't wait to relive. but it seemed like it wasn't to be because my girlfriend got home the next morning.

She was so tired from the flight that she slept all night, and shortly after waking up, passed out again on the sofa the next morning. Before i hit the bathroom, i found myself reminiscing about my secret experience in the laundry room the night before. Wondering through, i noticed she had filled the basket again with dirty laundry from her trip. Should i? Dare i? I looked at her sleeping just a few meters away on the couch. She had pulled a pillow over her face to block the light, but i was pretty sure she was sleeping deeply. My desperation grew once again. I made for the bathroom, but hesitated. I knew what i had to do :p

I put a couple things in the washer and started filling it up to mask the sound of what i was about to do. I looked back at my girlfriend; she didn't stir. i stood over the laundry basket and let a short spurt out into my pants, just to 'test the water' as they say. But once i started, i couldn't stop. Piss gushed through my boxers and the front of my pants, soaking the inside legs and dripping noisely down into the laundry below. I tried not to vocalize my pleasure as the rest of my piss warmed my crotch and legs and darkened and compressed the fabric below. i peaked around the corner to make sure my girlfriend was still asleep. she was. i took my wet things off and jerked off, before throwing everything in the washer and sneaking into the shower. The hardest part was not to make a face when she thanked me the next morning for doing her laundry...

The truth is i know she wouldn't mind. Best case scenario, she would find it endearing or even sexy; more likely just really strange. But it's kind of more exciting to know she has no idea what i was doing a few feet away.

As i write this, it's the wee hours of the morning. She's fast asleep again and i'm wide awake for some reason. I need to pee. i wonder if there's laundry that needs doing?

