Unintentionally Wetting Myself on a Friday Night and Handling it Like a Reasonable Adult

Author: SalmonMcClearn

*000*2020-12-20 07:17

Had kind of a shitty experience a few weeks ago, but since it’s related to my fetish I figured I’d type it out and upload it for you guys. Title isn't ironic, I'm actual pretty proud of not freaking out or beating myself up about it. Also I'd like to note this is my first time attempting to write out something like this.

Contains an unplanned wetting and profanity. Also I’m transmasc (FtM) which is loosely relevant.

Back when I was in college (a month ago) I had been safely celebrating a friend’s birthday outdoors on the town and had brought along a water bottle I had been sipping from for a while. I didn’t use the restroom beforehand because there was a bit of a scheduling nightmare and I didn’t have the time. It honestly would have been more of a precaution than anything. Parking was also a nightmare and my ride and I ended up about a mile from the rest of the group, which wasn’t as bad of an experience as I thought it would be even when my bladder was filling.

We stayed out for quite a while, and by the end of the night it had been four or five hours since I had last had a piss and I definitely needed to go, maybe a 7/10. It was getting late and I didn’t want to hold up the group trying to find a restroom so I decided to walk back to the car and try to make it home. By the time we reached the car I was nearing an 8/10 and the drive back was one of those desperate, sweaty rides where you’re gripping the car seat trying to hold yourself still. Having a conversation was difficult as I felt my lower abdomen spasm periodically, especially as we rolled onto campus.

For some reason, I waved my friend on when she tried to stop and let me out closer to my dorm. This was my first mistake, as my friend lives on the other side of school grounds (it’s a very small campus but my walk back doubled). My second mistake was taking the scenic route which I only recently learned is significantly longer than cutting through campus. Walking alone along the seawall my desperation increased significantly as I fantasized about popping a squat next to the water/mangroves. Unfortunately, there were dorms lining the path for much of the way, or it was relatively well lit. There’s a bench near the junction where I turn to take another walkway to my dorm where I’ve pissed before (for funsies not out of necessity), but there were people milling about on the adjacent field and I was too nervous. I was concerned that the motion of me shimmying my pants down would be recognizable from my silhouette, although looking back on it I would have been fine.

Now that my dorm is in sight my bladder is starting to cramp and I try to rub myself discreetly to distract from the pressure behind my urethra. It helps slightly but my fear of being seen prevents me from continuing. I haven’t had a real accident since first grade so the mounting panic is new to me. About half a football (rugby?) field from my dorm I feel a thick jet of piss momentarily shoot out from my tired urethra. This was extremely startling as I’ve never leaked before, not even when intentionally holding 1+ liters, and I try to walk faster but my bladder threatens to give up. I manage to make it to my dorm complex without leaking again, but when I move my attention away from not pissing myself in public to greet one of my neighbors, I accidentally let a solid 2 second stream of pee into my boxer briefs.

By now I am sweating even more with desperation and trying my hardest not to lose it as I wait for my keycard to unlock the doors to my complex. As I make a beeline for the communal restrooms I know in my heart as I slam the door behind me that I’m not going to make it. As I’m turning around to rip my pants off I begin completely wetting myself, pissing full force into my chinos and sneakers. The shock of pissing my pants as a medically fit 19 year old petrified me and stalled my transition to the toilet, destroying my pants beyond salvation. About ⅔ of my pee made it into the toilet, the other ⅓ went all over my boxer briefs, chinos, socks, and running shoes. I could hardly bask in the relief as my brain immediately went into damage control mode, but I do vividly remember the width and intensity of my stream.

I spent the next 45 minutes washing my pants, underwear, socks, and shoes in the shower, eventually deciding to put my pants back on wet, as my roommate and we keep our dorm pretty dark and I figured he wouldn’t be able to tell anything was amiss. I also had a towel that I used to sit on when out with friends, which made clean up a lot easier. I also mopped the piss off the floor and washed it with a bit of water out of respect for my floormates and staff. In a stroke of good luck, my roommate was out at the moment and I was able to get clean underwear on. In a stroke of bad luck my roommate’s friend walked in on me in my underwear. Not a big deal, but I was already embarrassed and wasn’t thrilled about a girl I hardly know seeing me in a state of undress. All my damp clothes were tossed in the laundry basket and washed the next day, with everyone I saw that day none the wiser.

Overall this was an upsetting experience that mostly just made me anxious but at least writing it out was cathartic (and it gave me a boner). Wetting isn’t really my thing, especially not unexpected wettings, but things went smoother than I would have expected.

*002*2020-12-24 02:33

{{On 12/20/2020 at 8:00 AM, Alex62 said:

Sounds like an great experience to have looking back on it since of our fetish. Good Job handling it well.

}}

I'm sure my memory will continue grow fonder as I put distance between myself and the event.

