First time (and second)

Author: Drippy Diana

*000*2017-06-08 14:06

In my early twenties I was studying at university, working two side jobs and trying to get home to my parents and boyfriend in the weekends.

Keeping busy helped me to ignore problems I had. My boyfriend was my highschool sweetheart and we were slowly drifting apart. While he was always flirting (and cheating on me) I was expected to be “the good girl”, perform at university, work hard, be a good cook, able to hang with his friend without becoming to familiair/close. I was diagnosed with a few health problems that didn’t fit the profile of the perfect woman so I anxiously tried to ignore that they were present.

I was working with a group of performing artist on a project at our “homebase”, a dance-academy. It was there that I had my first wetting experience.

My co-workers had become friends, and they couldn’t care less about my picture-perfect-profile, they saw through that. They loved my edges, and allways ecouraged me to just be me, to be authentic. Some of them had been through quite a struggle being authentic themselves (being gay, transgenders, or just way to “artsy” fort heir conservative background).

After a few weeks with not much sleep due to deadlines for our project, and studying for exams I was feeling awfull. I had a cystitis, and the antibiotics didn’t seem to work. I had been working on a danceroutine all day and I didn’t drink enough to keep hydrated. At night I was helping out at the dance company’s bar (as we all did). I didn’t want to go home and be alone with my thoughts in my students appartment. It would only make me feel like damaged goods, I needed to feel usefull

I felt the urge to pee, but everytime I went to the bathroom I couldn’t relax to let go. It was hurting, burning, cramping. Apparently my misery was showing. When I went back in the kitchen to clean up, Annuschka –the company owner- followed me, and standing behind me she placed her hands on my hips. I felt a spurt of pee wetting my crotch followed immediatly by a terrible cramp. I quivered and tears welled up in my eyes. As dancers we were used to body contact, so it was only normal for her to turn me around and give me a hug. She didn’t ask what exactly was the matter but ordered me to stop and sit at the bar while she cleaned up the kitchen. Back at the bar everybody was cheering on me for stop being busy and ecouraged me to cancel my weekend plans and try to sleep-in. Annuschka made me some tea.

Chatting with them made me forget the urgent state my body was in. Annuschka joined us at the bar just before we would close and again rested her hands on my hips. At that point I lost control. Not that the dam broke but I just couldn’t stop this tiny stream of pee. I froze as the wetness crept up my crotch and loins and reached Annuschka’s fingertips. I whispered/stammered “oh my…I” She reached over my shoulder to the bar an tipped over the tea, straight in my lap. She saved me! She made a joke about being clumsy and that we should call it a day. The stream still was running, I was soaking the seat of this theatrical old velvet barstool untill I finally managed to clench my pelvic muscles. My heart was pounding like crazy!

As the others left, Annuschka closed the curtains and door and put the lights on. With the dimmed barlights gone it was like I was standing in the spotlights as I stood up from the barstool. My knees were shaking and it was clearly visible my jeans were soaking wet. I cried. I cried like a little girl. I felt so so bad.

I told her I peed my pants. “I know”, She said, “but how come?”. I told her what was bugging me and she offered to take me to her place and take a bath. That sounded much better that going to my appartement with the old dilapidated shower alone.

She was an attractive lady, 10 years older than me and she had been showing interest in me before. Always joking that she would seduce me once and steal me from my boyfriend. That used to make me feel a bit uncomfortable but I couldn’t deny that I was attracted to her as well.

In this situation she managed to make me feel at ease. While she placed a towel on the car seat and drove me to her place she talked about her wetting her pants in various situations (laughing, being tipsy, even allmost on stage at the end of a show). She said that sometimes she confused being horny with having to pee and vice versa.

In the back of my mind I thought about the times I had secretly deliberatly wet myself as a teenager alone in the bathroom, and how I had ignored that kink because it didn’t fit the picture-perfect-profile (my boyfriend definitely would be disgusted if he knew, so I had put those desires far far away). So this was my first actual wetting accident and I was not aroused at all at that moment. I was just so tired. And confused. Yet I felt safe in her presence. At this point I was okay feeling miserable.

While she was running a bath for me I was stripping of my clothes. As I stood there in my wet panties she said I still looked hot and she winked. The bath was very relaxing but yet again my bladder was so cramped up and hurting. Annuschka wanted me te stay for the night, she said I needed to be taken care of and that I should let her, that I shouldn’t be alone. She was right. I don’t even think I could've walked the stairs to my own appartment if she would have dropped me off.

I was afraid of losing control and wetting the bed, I just didn’t know what my body was up to, and I told her that. She said nothing, she just placed a towel on the bed and invited me to lay down. As I did, completely naked, Annuschka massaged my shoulders and back, when I turned to face up she went on, stroking my breasts, tickling mys side and then she kissed me. I accepted every loving touch, kiss and lick. As she was sucking my nipples, her hand went down between my legs and she was massaging me further. And then it happened, I had such a long intense orgasm…I allmost fainted. I lost spurts in between and right after the orgasm. It. Felt. So. Damn. Good. The pressure was gone.

Almost immediatly afterwards I fell asleep, with Annuschka cuddling me. When I woke up I had wet the bed. Not much, but enough to see I was peeing more blood than urine.

I was hospitalized that day. The rest of the week Annuschka took care of me and I accepted gratefully.

Needless to say that my relationship with my boyfriend ended not longer after this event. Annuschka and I were friends with (wet) benefits for a few years afterwards

The health problems are still there, but much more under control, and I've accepted it as part of me.

*002*2017-06-09 08:47

{{12 hours ago, Staxx said:

Great story! Have you accepted wetting as a kink since that time or still trying to be picture-perfect?

}}

I've accepted wetting as a kink and enjoy myself with it. Still somewhat insecure about it though, I haven't shared it with my husband

*004*2017-06-13 09:37

{{On 2017-6-9 at 11:44 PM, Staxx said:

I know the situation. It's tough to be with someone and able to unlock the potential of "unaccepted" pleasure. How did you find a way out? What do you mean by "enjoy myself with it"?

}}

There are times I find myself alone at home and in the mood. Then I will attempt to hold, wet and masturbate. Solosex is OK, even when in a relationship (is my humble opinion)

Sometimes just the idea of holding and wetting will get me hot and that is always a plus for the sexual relationship with my husband. When I have an accidental wetting (happens to me quite often, not puddles but spurts) I will usually shower first before having sex with my husband. He does not seem to share the same interest (no signs of getty horny at least when I'm desperate) and I respect that.

