Desperate on beach walk

Author: Anna B

*000*2012-07-08 04:03

This doesn't contain actual wetting, just worsening desperation.

Some friends and I went for a few days beach holiday. I love secretly peeing in the surf, so the first morning that we were there I drank plenty with breakfast before we went down to the beach. But although we'd been intending to swim, as we walked down onto the sand everyone started having second thoughts about swimming, as the wind was quite strong on the beach, and the waves very choppy. When we felt the temperature of the water, no one wanted to go in.

Instead, we decided to go for a walk along the beach, which was a fairly long one. I hadn't relished the thought of a cold, windy swim any more than anyone else, but I did have some regrets about missing out on the fun of weeing in the surf, and of course there was now the matter of the so-far secret little "time bomb" I'd created by drinking so much before we came. I knew that no matter how adventurous and invincible I might have felt as I drank, there would be a limit to how long I could wait. I could only hold so much!

But for the present at least, everything was cool. Sure, I could feel a mild fullness in my bladder, but it wasn't at all demanding yet; just a 'comfortable' amount to enjoy as I walked. And I did quite enjoy it; the combination of the casual walk along the beach with the wind blowing around my legs, bare almost up to my bottom with the rather short shorts I was wearing, and the noticable but not troublesome pressure in my bladder all contributed to me feeling quite erotic.

But inevitably I steadily became increasingly uncomfortable. By the time we reached the end of the beach I was feeling quite full and when we stopped walking I had a big urge and had to shuffle around, which I tried to make look as if I was simply cold. Even then I could still enjoy it, but I was concerned that it probably wouldn't stop at that, but my already full bladder would keep getting filled even more. It did.

Although I'm normally the one to suggest exploring around the rocks at the headland, this time I was keen to get back as soon as possible to where the toilets were at the picnic and parking areas. There was some bush behind the beach where we were, but I really didn't want to have to admit to the others that I had to go up there for a pee and couldn't even hold on until we got back! I began wishing I'd worn a skirt instead of shorts, as then I could have just knelt down on the sand as if examining some shells or something and wee'd through my swimming cossie, which I had on underneath. But with shorts I couldn't do that - I'd end up with a mighty wet patch!

So I just kept holding on against the ever increasing pressure from my now very full bladder. When I pressed lightly around my lower tummy I could feel it's firm, stretched round shape inside me. The continual walking was the only thing that was saving me from making it very obvious that I had a problem, as it took the place of the squirming etc I would have had to otherwise do to help hold on. And when we were about half way back I even lost my chance to nip away into the bushes to pee if I did really have to, when the bush gave way to beach-front houses. Now I really had no option but to hold on as best I could and hope I made it.

So I kept holding on, from one few minutes to the next few minutes, and at last we arrived back. I would have liked to be a bit more casual about the next bit, making out that I simply wanted to visit the toilet before we drove off, or even waited for someone else to make the first move, but with the anticipation of at last being able to go, suddenly I was not just holding on from one few minutes to the next few, but from second to second. I was right on the verge of spurting or worse; I had to go - NOW!!! I made an immediate beeline for the toilets, hoping my now awkward gait wasn't too much of a give-away. 

Inside I was very relieved to find both cubicles free. I did start weeing slightly before I hit the seat, but was pleased to find that both my cossie and my shorts were quite dry. Through all the struggle I'd managed to hold back every drop. I thoroughly enjoyed the relief as I let it all go, and even with my characteristically forceful gush it seemed to go on for ages. I only wish I'd had opportunity to measure it somehow; from past experience though, from how I was feeling I'd say I was probably holding about 800ml.

Anna B.

