Various College Wettings

Author: Cutetwist99

*000*2022-06-07 06:15

So at college I was able to indulge a lot more because I was living partially at school and partially at home. Here are some of my favorite experiences!

I met up for dinner with this girl after both of our classes were over, and I sort of had to pee when we sat down. However, lines were super long and I was waiting for her for a long while and was done my dinner before she even came back with hers, so I kept drinking more and more water and ginger ale.

After dinner, we decided to go back to her apartment to watch a show and hang out. By the time we reached my car so I could drive us a bit closer to her apartment, I had a moderate need to use the restroom. I would normally begin thinking about using the toilet at this point, because I have a very weak bladder and struggle to hold it if I wait too long. However, I didn’t want to stop at my dorm and make her wait, so we went straight to her apartment, which only took about 20 minutes, with the drive and walk.

About an hour into hanging out in her apartment, I really have to pee. I’m in multicolored leggings and a hoodie (because it was winter), but no leaks in these leggings would be very noticeable. However, I still don’t use her bathroom, as things were a little tense between us at this point. I believe she was under the impression we were flirting and possibly heading somewhere romantic, and it became uncomfortable once I mentioned having a boyfriend. This girl was absolutely gorgeous though, stunning, classic beauty.

Eventually, I leave and she sends me off with some scones and I am desperate. I know I won’t make it the 30 minute drive home, and don’t want to stop at my dorm. As I approached my car, my legs are squeezed as I walk and I get so turned on at the idea of just pissing myself in public like that, so I do. I let go and immediately my legs get warm as I pissed myself. It felt so good I almost fell over, and I threw my sweater from work down on my car seat to sit on. I left a little piss trail to my car, and when I got home I immediately got myself off.

A lot of times, if I knew I wasn’t sleeping in my dorm that night, I would go there between classes just to masturbate and piss myself. I sat on all mY blankets, bathrobe, and pillows countless times and pissed either my panties or like I was using a toilet, to the point that my sheets were yellow on the edge in the middle. I also often peed my pants after classes in my doorway, standing on towels or running to my rug and letting go.

One time, I was in a sundress with no panties because I had just hooked up with a guy and didn’t feel like putting them back on. He left, I walked him to the door, and came back. He didn’t finish the job, but you’re always supposed to pee after sex, so I did. I grabbed my pink body pillow that’s fuzzy on one side, silky on the other, straddled it, and grinded myself against it. I let out little leaks as I did this, driving myself crazy. I couldn’t get off like this so eventually I grabbed my viberator and began letting the rest of my piss out in my bed as I worked myself off over and over again. My bed was too wet to sleep in, so I went home that night.

And finally for this set, one time, after work, I was filling up on gas before going back to my dorm. I was in all black, black shirt and black plain pants. I had to pee so fucking bad, because I always drank lemonade at work (I worked at Panera at the time). I was filling up, and freezing, when I decided to warm myself up. I leaned into my car, and let go, trying not to moan with relief as my crotch got warmer. I peed even after my car was done filling up, and I left a puddle outside. I put a sweatshirt down and went back to the dorm room and got myself off until I passed out, thoroughly satisfied.

I hope you enjoyed these, I’ll be back with more soon!!

*002*2022-06-11 05:38

{{11 hours ago, STCWet said:

You're lucky to have that much time alone in college! I found it really hard without being super risky

}}

I had a single room by myself and was often alone late at night due to the hours I work. Honestly it was a real park of both those things!!

