Intentionally wetting myself while walking home

Author: nilla

*000*2019-09-19 01:21

First time posting here please be gentle

I had my first public wetting experience a couple days ago. I'm very shy about peeing in public and places that aren't home, let alone wetting myself publicly. I'm pretty short, about 5'0, with brown hair that goes just past my shoulders. At the time I was wearing a black skirt, a pink and white shirt, pink and white striped socks that went up to my knees, and short black boots.

I volunteer at a school some afternoons, and I was doing so this day. Prior to this I had drank a large iced tea, and I have a pretty weak bladder. I only volunteered for about 2 hours, but over the time I had felt a need to pee growing steadily in my mind. It got to a point where I was fidgeting around, and had to sit down and squeeze my thighs together when I wasn't helping a student out to try and relieve the pressure. I felt embarrassed about using the restroom at the school since it was a public student restroom. I also felt a bit shy about asking to use the staff restroom since I wasn't quite sure if I should or not. Both of these factors encouraged me to keep holding it until I got home and could use the restroom there. The longer the class went on, the harder and harder it got to hold it, though. Near the end I realized I might not make it back home, so I decided that instead I would use the restrooms after all the students had left and then go home.

By the time I had finished volunteering, my need had grown quite a bit. I waited a little while until the school was practically empty, before checking the time. I fidgeted and squirmed around, but upon seeing the time, I realized that I was about to miss my bus. The bus I needed only comes around every 30 minutes or so, and I really didn't want to wait around since I didn't have any other way to get home at the time. I had to run out of the school, which proved really difficult on my sensitive bladder. I really needed to go!

When I arrived at the stop, the bus was there, and it had just been about to leave. If I had peed there's no way I would've gotten to the bus stop on time. Luckily I didn't live far, so I sat down and crossed my legs. I realized after I sat down that when I had been running I leaked a bit. Not very much, but it was embarrassing nonetheless. I was really glad I had worn a skirt that day, because it wasn't visible at all. I rocked back and forth as subtly as I could during the ride, before quickly getting off and thanking the bus driver quietly.

From the stop it was only about a 10 minute walk, which wasn't very far at all. At the time though, I was seriously doubting my ability to hold it any longer. I was walking on a path with a community garden on the left and the backs of peoples houses on the right. There was a pretty good amount of greenery and it felt pretty secluded. My walking started to slow down and I had to hold myself as discreetly as I could. I didn't notice anyone around me, but I was worried that there could be people around that I just hadn't noticed. The further I walked, the worse the situation seemed to look. I leaked a couple more times, and my hand was a bit wet from this. During the walk I had noticed there was a grassy area hidden by trees and the fences of peoples backyards. It felt pretty private and secluded, and I really needed to go. I felt like if I sat down in the right position on the ground I could pee without anyone noticing since I had a skirt on to cover it.

I hesitated to follow through with idea at first, but eventually realized that there wasn't any other option. I sat down with my legs apart, above the grass just a little bit. I felt nervous about taking my panties off in public, so I decided to just leave them on. I figured if I peed straight down there wouldn't be any mess and I could just take them off when I got home. I pulled out my phone to try and make it look like I was just casually enjoying the nice weather while browsing the internet. I relaxed my body and the stream immediately started. It didn't go straight down like I expected at all, though.

First I just felt the warmth in my panties, before it spread both forwards and backwards, then dripped down into the grass below me. I realized a small stream had also gone down my leg, getting my sock wet in the process. I tried to spread my legs further to minimize the damage, but it had already been done. I kept peeing for quite awhile, trying to act casually while freaking out on the inside. When I was done I kept sitting there for a bit longer, careful not to rest myself on the puddle beneath me, Most of it had soaked into the dirt anyway, though.

When I stood up my skirt covered my wet panties, but my sock was still visibly wet. I decided to fold it and tuck it into my boot, but I couldn't fully hide it. I quickly walked the rest of the way home, feeling nervous that someone might suspect anything. I hardly saw anyone on the rest of the walk though, so it seemed as though nobody had spotted me, or noticed any of the damage. When I got home I quickly threw the wet clothes into the wash and changed into a clean pair of panties.

I really hope nobody suspected anything!

*005*2019-09-19 18:45

{{10 hours ago, desp_wet said:

Good story. So naughty and daring!!

}}

Thank you!!

{{7 hours ago, electronical said:

Great Story!

}}

Thank you!!

{{7 hours ago, BlueWetter said:

I really enjoyed reading that! Sometimes, you just can't hold it

}}

Thanks! and yea, it gets really hard to keep it all in when you need to go!

{{46 minutes ago, itibeti2 said:

Great story! I hope you enjoyed as much as I did reading

}}

Thank you! i did enjoy it a lot!

*010*2019-09-20 14:00

{{18 hours ago, Marco said:

Great story!

}}

Thanks!!

{{12 hours ago, Gordonox said:

Great story. I hope you enjoyed yourself.

}}

I did, thank you so much!

{{4 hours ago, Red Simpson said:

Absolutely amazing story @nilla

Very brave peeing where you did.

}}

Thanks! I’m just glad that nobody saw me.

{{2 hours ago, wetsalesman said:

Great outdoor enjoyment. Thank you for sharing!

}}

No problem!

